You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can be dressed as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and eggestines.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that was married somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to look at it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolla.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio.
Because they were beaten to sale every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when I allowed me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a puller, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California, found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher -- the lady Postrok who said, "I need to see you.
I'm angry that adults, we never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see, we laugh, we crying, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we intervened it, and we took her care and we loved her family because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, it became a conference box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I talked to you about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first tablets.
I was amazed.
My heart fall fast, I was made, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tubes around me are around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow on another snow of snow after year.
The tablets are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers apart.
Every tissue has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to melt and stream down to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into a dramatic passion arrest.
It's easy to think, when you look at a table, that are separate separate and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich freshwater in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I get close to photographing these tasks as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are this way and won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt down, it's not an end, but a continuation of its path for the cycle of life.
Part of the tablet of the tablets that photography is very young -- it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a table that I photographed in Kerpetti, Greenland.
It's very often going to reach a round table.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is there standing there.
This is a Greenland iceberg of the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, each one of them in a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay me attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both go down and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my ground it will be two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy of it.
I am a training history and what I study in this case is the way people are embracing the anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role I think of in my work is an activist, as a patient defense, or as I say sometimes the impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people inside of a body.
I've worked with people with engineering, much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of authentic sex people, individuals whose physical technology does not fit in the male and female seasons and female females.
In general lines, we can call it international.
Interconnection adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in a way of having a sex that doesn't get rid of the male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with 2010 criminal base whose gene is generation SRISEE and tells the protections, that we all have in the fetal life, that they become testists.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the institution syndrome to the angeled.
So there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typically female course.
When it happens, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the seasons, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing it exams, they realize that instead of having overwirts and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it doesn't really look like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called super-male glamorous.
They're at the back of the body.
Supply glands produce angeling, the male of the male.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know its criminal structure, I think being a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to angelines.
We produce angry and respond to angeled.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the anger that the woman who was born with testicles that have the institution syndrome to them.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that international beings are in the middle of the spectrum, in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as they were going to go, and he had a grandmother, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a guy and just discovered that he had overweight and small.
I had an extreme form of a disease known as congressional hipping hypothese.
He had 20th chromosomes and the serious glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, its genital were massively massively, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component of the hormone machine.
I was born with a child, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal media, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of international.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as a biologist, which is to say, have heroic tissue wrapped in scientific tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies --  -- are the ends, simple twins, or international surgery -- they support normal surgery is not so that we can get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why several surgeries are being held is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cartoonist.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic individual concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within the same body.
The most warm case is last year with the South African Court Corpse, and it was put into the judge of his sex in the International games.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Cass Semoa is a man or a woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there aren't such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't make a big line between men and women or between men and international men and women and women and international women -- we are who we are carrying that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we need to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that run directly with stable indication categories -- they're much more likely than we think.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
So as we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we look at the fact that they are in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human lives.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the phosphorus.
There are very busy discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to be inspired with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved it still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And, as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us into a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could pull someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, challenging people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To trust these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I am a fervent admirer of the Fathers Foundation.
I know they were racists, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and stupid and so radical in what they did, and I find each so much watching that music curve "The 17th and not by the music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Foundations Foundation.
The founding fathers were for me, the first animals of the anatomy and explained to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monkey. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had to clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the political power for the blood right to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not anatomical differences, that was something very radical.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an island system where they were managing two things.
It was managing democracy and at the same time born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the story of the Forest Fathers, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distance from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a video rights idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independent, talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transferring us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And in doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women translated.
Then it came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the Corporation of the Corporation Transporter, which said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that went through the anatomic coincidence.
We see the same thing with the Disaster movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at conservatives, we have to start asking why we keep certain divide.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we had to give up to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years were allowed to be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic division that for me make sense, and I think we should maintain it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are known at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them Mary was born three months before time: one of June 1.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in term," was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before to Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to virus, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other radios in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it's 21, in virtue of being considered a man now is a passion of the mandatory engagement that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still start analytical categories that are in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is going to move both in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy in the anatomy could deliver?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is sparked up.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have a chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have a command.
Now, in practice they don't do commitment to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the infrastructure syndrome to the angrovers.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have a solution to draw a solution.
It says that we should judge people based not in their skin color, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character, right?
I want to point out also that I am not sure that we should be based on this to make them rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some of them are going to probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some speakers that I know can make more information and intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than 40 people I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of character content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be made in the future being measured with an instrument, perhaps with an MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this string of thinking relative to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live in a context like the Iranian where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex shift, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had made a standard twin light and then separate it and so to bring their fame.
But when the phone was asked to ask the operation of the operation -- it was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country, these kids would be very battered and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum. Instead of surgical separation?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be on your head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I have been interested in international, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all -- but in average, tend to pay attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in grad school, one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- as I now -- made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what feminist has about feminist."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with reaching gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about the question, the more I have seemed that there is something female in feminism here.
That is, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very excited to figure out how to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible that, of having introduced more mothers to this concept, perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recycled support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy, to think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, we think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world dozens and perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But they just replace it by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who would want to live in apartments already were owners and that half another half would still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make experts in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you'll face is that those buildings and the areas surrounding them are rules to avoid the mosquitos and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those speeches.
But you could go to a completely new place, building a completely new apartment building -- and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it up.
So I proposed that governments will create new enough areas of big enough reform to contain cities, and I gave them a name, low cities.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, David and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honors.
They knew that every year about 75,000 people would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honkeyers happened by a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peace Lou is supporting soft with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same recording time.
He asked October to be his head of generation.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a huge amount of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the status to their more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of normal, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both of the technologies and rules to program it, and it's usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to October a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look at it, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Occupy said, "Paper, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a low city is a place where you start with deliberated terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that are going to apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hondurges called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our advanced country.
He asked me to go to Tesla and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennis.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the holes that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world came closed.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The conventional leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could get to be in Hondurts, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North north.
And it would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government of the Holes would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the statue, so that everybody could trust that the status is actually completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily fit a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, voted in Congress to get their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special development regions.
In a country that I just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress for this constitutional limb was 122 to one.
All the parties, all the features in society, they backed it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
On February 17 again again in another voting of 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st to 24 of February, a democracy of about 30 holes went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years spent for four years.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've solved is that they have a good number of therapists.
There are many companies that would want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job -- sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even children are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen their parents in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honey?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my teenage friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that, live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought attacked and colorful and different to each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of puzzle markets and sense stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my map in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search search for terrorists.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my scan?
Am I going to like color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
That is, what do you bring someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes and nothing else.
inner clothes for exactly a week is all I've put in my watch.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because you don't know me as the woman walking by TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the dots for this week.
Does it not sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright template.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see you phenomenal.
All the set, including the jacket, cost me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're looking at a brilliant red pants.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars -- integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
You just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, not only will you understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mirroms: Good for the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disconnections, or I remember their seven years old.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Just training is key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years he really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there is no watch you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We have to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Lines: A universal truth six words for you: Documentary legislations are going with everything.
And finally, signalized: developing a personal and unique style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week just for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to emotionally thank these things, because at the turn of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant waiting at me, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attitude of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical enough.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them are going to go through one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the ingredients in this audience, their brain is something that -- with a big altitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them and then see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the past of the years is that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't be born with this notion -- they developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught by a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to transplant them, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- as they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations. And they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics found a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But it didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle of it.
But it didn't go well to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical surface.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we do a very good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a little bit of metal periphery, and it serves the track of a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this brain with a palm of swimming that is found underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that blows it up and the wind that goes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to exploit all the other passengers of it.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights and then we introduced a vacuum and we extract the entire air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than one degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way I would paint was like a breathing in this way -- as a force that spreads and contract.
And by giving it a soft supply, we were able to make it fire and not come back at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing came back and didn't come back at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the atoms of atoms that make that piece of metal are fishing and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are lined up.
In the rest of the time they're delivered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which at the same time means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all those years -- because you look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not do you as well?
I mean, it's my logical part that talks about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was delivered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we came up with the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal followed in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months to me.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, trying to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we form a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo and then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, let's just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There is the Gullented Gallery Gallery, MoMA, the Redwood, the Radio, the Van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Melocistation, the New York Art Museum in New York City.
There are two ways of making it -- very simple.
We click and model, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bomb or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and they split.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We open the plane up the top, and with one click alone, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forward. They get divergent."
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The County Bridge codes in the Methodiotic.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gigantic technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- about 10 million pixels in it.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 billion plans?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pixels in it.
It can go around very simple ways.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did research a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called "the "decline -- which is to hit an eye with a stick on the marriage of Camero.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get us even more deeply and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Stem Nigeria."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this market test?
I turn it up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night started, I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'll show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collections."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the cometh: -- we just made a come around it.
It's about "The Americans National Gallery in London.
You can look at things -- send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you get these masterpieces on the ground.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even they don't come from museums.
Maybe it shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium to do justice to its artwork and that is properly represented online.
And the big question that they ask me today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a picture, a flying plan.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin -- all kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of its bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting in Formula 1 racing in the last two decades.
You know, a time ago, if you wanted to win a France One, took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the race.
This is what engineering is called real time control system.
Essentially, it's a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers in free air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and active.
Converting cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Pale Antoracy for the end of the year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Uncle Today.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost every single atoms become sensors and actions.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old Angele dream.
You know, when Michelangelo Elligate Machila, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he took it to the Moses -- in fact, you can still see a little mile below -- and he said screaming, "Prototype didn't stand? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just some examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and playing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck of 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end Zippere gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Twitter River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
The early evening there are people around here, and there making calls moving around.
It starts the party, silence.
France, Grave from Italy.
Power, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time.
First extra time.
Zippereous, the head of the head.
won Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they were all at the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachuse where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things that we use and consume them.
Today we know all about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that form a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in their system by the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were striking, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Park from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of interviewing transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we strike doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day still still goes there.
So if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, Asia Biology, could tell us much more about detection and lots of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zahari.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- was imagine that you have a card and valleys, solar valves that are open and shut down.
It is created as a water correlation, with water pixels as well.
If you fall down the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And by closer, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
And we presented this to the Bell Mayor Ball.
He liked a lot.
And he designed a commission to design the building at the entrance of Exploration.
We call it Digital Water Packagi.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you zoom into it so you can go through.
The roof is also covered by water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the saltwater, you get the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears.
There will always be somebody in the winter, when you go down the roof -- someone who was there, and he said, "They declared the building."
No, it's not that you have devoted it, but when you go down, almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see people embedded by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not be able to try not to try to test the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night it was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zarroil came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes and one had to jump out and not get wet.
(Augusting noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopter in the air and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with each other.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is the light, not the position of the plans.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D, where you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angle.
This is the real clear Slow, going down to form a TV, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolla -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the star of New York and the Milo School, to capture its 3D movements and use them as entry for the Slava.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different solutions.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can go around the whole way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and motivation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Slava.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- -- as a cloud of cloud -- like the grain of grandmother, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pixel percent.
And I think what's remarkable in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is shown to us, we can move from the digital world, from self-assembled power, the physical world.
In our case, we may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively, completely.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're small.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered permission.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympic Games in 2012, even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital land at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way, to be stronger to get more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and confident of themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creativity." creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Soon. You probably owe the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a bridge topic here at the TED Conference but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great generosity of the 20th century, T. Dorada, who was also communicating at the Arctic Sea Church wrote an essay called "Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of Evan.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Is the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We stopped a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervening there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the world.
Some have gone back and back.
We have been here about 300,000 years.
It might seem that we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein -- chemically inevitable, from which the pancreas comes out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the more bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Dam is posed by the pattern of the pattern -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm -- dark dark, heat, is very cook.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forced drink to the output.
But we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast uncomfortable symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief suit -- the animal kingdom, as a single and unique compassion, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I first came to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the citizens of life, every cell simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressing.
In fact, you could say that the inferioration of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I was thinking, well, sex, sex, death for sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I had more doubts.
I got to understand George Burns feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of it, you find a magnificent light dancing dance.
He looks at it, and he says, "I've come up with a sex soup.
"It's right." He says, "I choose the soup.
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy ways.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge into the next orbital level, and then let us fall down to sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Wood Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve immersity through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the balanced bacteria that can survive the heat of the families that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum yet, they have managed to make that a car environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and particularly if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and elected from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confused our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated and controlled, and we engage so much that no longer is possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution.
One second possibility is that it is produced an evolution of traditional type, natural -- pushed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are running slowly, but they're intelligent.
And in terms of intelligence: when as a species we collect distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- antibiotic possibility and intriguing and frightening.
I call it neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and family.
Think of that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its offspring, but in its own body to make genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the puppy?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and it was 13 years.
I cost 2,200 billion dollars.
The next year of being finished in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost at the near 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to be able to actually make the human genome by 1,000 and get more and closer to all of us.
Those changes come together.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing influence in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to become more and more possible.
Imagine only other two little changes.
Can cells change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their description?
What if you could change the sperm and the villages, or change the very specific light, and give your children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, eliminate the hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt hyperbolic superconductors, a better memory.
Why not have the engineering of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster contact muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in the negotiation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next hundred years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them before.
Are we going to use these options into a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring, and more uniform.
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom required to make these choices sustainably?
For good, or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine an engine by doing clear, click, clean.
Clearly, click, click, click, soundscape.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the D.C.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
I switched out the engines off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The most compelling words I ever heard.
He said, "I'm going to prepare for the impact.
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror -- life ended up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fence I wanted to represent, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that, I was a sentence, which is, "Clinting candles bad.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we came up with the George Washington Bridge Bridge -- I didn't have a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity also give me place to my ego.
And I read the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my wife, with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about wonder.
I don't try to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes down, 15,000 14, 14, 13.
You see the water going on.
I'm saying, "Please fly fly."
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die doesn't make fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness started in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  --  -- and scream. I cry, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason for the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
All over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenges that you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't be like that, but imagine and how would you change?
What are they going to do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TempleiP.
Temple was one of the most important farmers in the '80s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Her work influences me.
I have a design firm and animation so that, obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to kick Tony -- Templand, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you be somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie "The Scarce and the dance?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to make it with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed up a check that didn't have the least idea of how he was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, so this is the thing: Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much inside the inside cannot communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Great Lawk Redwood" Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser score, draw on that and register the negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of the things we had to move things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawaii.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call it YouTube because when you talk to the guy you get an email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and programmers and angrovers took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we came back would have taken the squares out of the walls and they would have graphics.
But for two weeks, we said, we went to the Mario San Venter, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Ethiopian School, and you can see the description of it.
It's a couple of cheap superstars that we bought in the march of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Depress and Radio Shark.
We take a CEO camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there is a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code -- the software goes down.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital I can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you so much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the Templand-American room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this bullet and a load during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall from the parking station.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking way.
The funny thing was that we had to break in parking so we feel like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pocket.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong turns out something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best invented inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up cutting the circle, is that in April this year at the MACIP Geographic at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called "The Stars."
And Art on the streets is going to have the best exposure of urban art, Bassella Sandoli, CO2 -- all of them are going to be there.
Templandu is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scratch -- nothing was possible at a time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us every day when we find ourselves with something that we feel to do. If it's not now, when I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by getting in incredibly difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
I filmed in war areas -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I have been diving into horrible appearance situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they look entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took a plane in Ebola.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered on sale the rights of my TEDTalk to 2001.
What had been the following: American My NGOR. He thinks, my TEDTalk is presenting -- my TEDTalk has no idea what it is about and content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress in progress, by the way.
So even with that speed, I knew someone was going to buy the right name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing.
And as I said before, I've been stuck in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Superclude, I want to make a film that deals with the production of products and marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest film ever selling.
What happens in "The largest movie ever selling is that all of the top down at the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the authority that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Mola Studio, the Center Center.
These people will be associated with permission to perception, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea -- Michael Santa: It's redundant -- it's what? (MA: It's redundant -- to perfect, for all?
I'm a redundant pestory. (Music: I just say it -- it was more for empires.
It was "The Persive. It was forever."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we can grab all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you used to use.
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best thing you have babies, the best thing you have babies, the largest film you ever have been selling."
Fasc Korochon: The idea is then besides showing the marks as part of life, make them fund the film? (MS: Making the film fund the film. MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert French: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for audience.
Wow. However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be to that.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if "aggregate is very negative, but you know how it's going to replace? (MA: No idea. David Cooper: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half messages. (MA: All right. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but that certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of glass ideas.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruddies: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Two things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MA: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what marks are.
MS: Yes. (MA: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to try to.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MS: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought I was a camera called we have a conversation outside microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to so many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that will lead the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a radical mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you search for the transparent images at Google --    this is one of the first images that come out.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- simulation of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily detected or seen -- easily determined -- that it will be characterized by the visibility or accessible of information, especially in business practice -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the CEOs are named by it.
But suddenly when it's trying to make it reality, it changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that rare bear that's still running.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat an entire cup of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is him looking at me as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kibera from many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take away from the intervention and go to companies myself with my entire team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, huge movies, giant and others that make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant homeless, say that the reason their films have so successful is because of the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selling.
How are we going to look specifically in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Bank Deray.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you get married.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there's one of these fabulous arms.
So much Florida Florida like "The Parking Panel, they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid back, ball, barrel, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a portable look.
Karen France: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you told you, we are rather a rival brand.
That's why we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology isn't the way you want to describe something that you put in the acid.
Man: We talk about something like, fresh thing.
I think frankly, it's a great word that actually puts this category on the positive versus "computer and sweat.
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you a fresh trick more time? With better surprise, more surprise, three times more fresh times.
Things like those who responsible the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-touch company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man from the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mother my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Revolution the '80s, parachute pull at less than it is day.
MS: All right, what is the brand German?
German: Something unique. (MA: Something. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic conversation, Mercedes Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a called candy flight.
Woman 2: In the hippie part, in part of the home, in part of the "Boston Brown, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
You're selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because it gives the marketing.
Man 5: Failure school March.
Is that something?
Lego, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but often I am classify in the dark glamour intersection and candy flight.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality.
And I found a company called Oliver California in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like West, February, Mall to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Adamanda: You bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a familiar picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origins and start in a place and in my case they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being it?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why: What does that look like?
What's the male? What phase of the country are you doing now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent ready?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had.
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of Russian mountain is?
MS: Jeas." (Ah: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience. (MS: Great job. A: Yes. MS: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lebanon California: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complementary commonses, in your brand personality, brand Morocco Super is a conscious brand.
Very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid fear -- those elements, and you actually give them a fit and make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can see here as well here to Tarad, Wiki, Ministry of minister Copenhagen and Jersky.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a recovery brand, is something quite powerful.
MS: A recovery brand. What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?"
Are you an adoption attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you rather a desperate attribute at all?
A little bit more calm, reserve, conservative?
The attractive attributes are like being playful to be fresh like President, contemporary adventure, advertised or bold like Europe Slow, fast or agile or profile, dominant, magic or mystic like Daniel.
Or are you more good at a desperate?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like 2070?
Are you started to be established, traditional property, protection, protection, you have operator with Opera?
Are you conscious, stable, familiar, sure, safe, sacred or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, associated and descriptions, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control of the final product.
They allowed us to tell the history of neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to St. Paulo.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no cards, no cards, no volunteers, nothing.
And we went to school district in which companies are doing road in schools with liquid problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the most successful answer that I've ever had more successful is that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interventions, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have left? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie is held in the Supernare Festival -- let's look at a look.
According to Burriels, the movie is started in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a two and a half weeks.
That's only online, no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in an extraction.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk about, they advised their customers not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees at the aversion of the risk you're preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We make the fear. We make the risk.
From a card at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to deal with transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Are traders -- has been presented by my good EMIT friends who by 17,000 bought rights from the name in Ebola.
EM: So turning big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
Exam is presenting "The Transparency of the Transition."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morroad, in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7:16.
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a chemotherap in the name of the Maria Marian organization, the Space Foundation, a lure for 1,500 to be applied to my TED seat for the next year.
The idea behind the European computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the emergency plant in National Nation.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can engage these systems that control speed and valve systems, we can cause a lot of problems with central.
The gray boxes don't use Wireftectively Wirefully Wirefully, they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Suchos.
We started with a Windows.
The observation comes into the gray box, damages the central, and the nuclear program in the Iranian is demonstrated, and it mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Succelar six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown in it.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the parts of Winds: the instructor used multiple variety vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Such and we saw what happened with this.
So there were very strange things.
Success was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- I smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experiment with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directly."
The computer is actively looking for the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that location.
If you don't, Such as Such it does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than discovering the goal soon.
So we extracted and deconstructed the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very accurately by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the sandwich of Such is complex and high technology, let me tell you, charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old card language.
I want to tell you how we could find this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures and trying to relate to the real world, with the real world of the real world.
We need theories about determinations that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent superconductor, it must be a valuable, and it's certainly located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reproduced.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush nuclear plant from Bush and the NASA engineering plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I have a list of all the experts in central centers and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and told them in an effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital violence with the control of the rocket.
The rocket is that cell part of the central, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rocket, you can certainly burn it and even make the centrifuge.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an effort obvious to become crazy to the nest maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital eye looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 1654 survives in that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these central centers are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall sacred, and every waterfall contains 164 centrals.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better still.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no marriage -- it wasn't like that."
The results have been received after several weeks of hard work.
We had just been in clouds without coming out, and we had to go back to start.
And yet, we found that both digital vitis would go into one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small observator is taking a waterfall and making it turn the rocks and release them, and the big gap communicates with six scanners and manipulating valves and manipulating.
Instead, we're very confident that we've determined what the fate is.
It's National -- and it's just Nation.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Suchos.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centralists.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are written by Suchos.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed from video progressed.
Is it great, right?
The idea here is obviously not just to draw the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive.
The idea is to run a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines are about speed, you have to open up valve valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're completely, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And not the operating system of the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically centralists, with uranium research.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a attack -- that you will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Suchos.
You could also use conventional worm technology to figure out it.
Discussing the most possible.
And if you did that, what you'll end up with is with a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rallette, it has done public in many sides that people assume the mass is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Langley: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the mass is involved, but the engine is not Israel."
The motor behind this is cyber superpower.
There is a single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily, luckily,
Because, otherwise our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you for teaching. Thank you, Rallett.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you the soft skills, or another thing that makes the wheelchair users go back and walk.
In Berkeley Bibles: we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They are nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force -- that also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign entire.
This is not an unusual idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on -- we start talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on their back a 45-year-old load of it, and it's demanding to carry even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the TED -- or Portland Carder Community.
Soldier: With the TED exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds per variable terrain for many hours.
Her flexible design, allows them to put in climbs and run movements with great agility to do.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my force and my resistance.
Ethiopia Bernadian: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device -- this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the users of wheelchair clouds, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around us, in wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens frequently, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at age 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is rapidly multiplying it away.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from its successful focus, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EDI who is using Amanda Boston who 19 years ago he had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result I couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boy: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EBan, I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer side, here on the back.
So here are some batteries that give you energy to the motors in the hip. And in the knees and they make it move with this soft and very natural advantage.
AB: I was 24 in the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing down the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sense and all movement from the failure down.
A little time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to go down on the bottom of it, climbing rocks and even riding in hand.
But they've never invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only from soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the fertilizer of the Indian man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobo forests in Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living birds.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying types, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't seen yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tissue itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's no wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as apes "are "been made by love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and programmer and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kambara Super.
Bonds like humans, they love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance for them.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- interaction diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a balloon ball balloon game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "I have it arranged from the balls."
I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common both in bonds and in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But play is politics.
The game is politics, it can take a lot of forms, some of which are more and more and more constantly, curious, percentage -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Furual, a young female, who is playing with the water.
I believe that, as she sometimes play alone, and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these abilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation food.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our ability to play a game capacity.
The game is not flexible.
The game is essential.
For bonds and humans alike, life is not just cruel and waste.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that the most urgent thing.
So we primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Howard.
When I am not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assignment in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers engage a highly skilled staff you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a fairly high probability to go.
But there was still a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain -- I was cooled in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in piece, description, as her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was -- let's call it Lewis Luther --  -- it got first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog, I was so cleaner."
There was a lawyer or a management that during the rest of his life, had to tell people that I went into a building in calls to save a living living only because I won five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an ambition.
He said, "Beijering, I need to go home.
I need to go up, take the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- went to the real fire that that height more or less had finished from turning out the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my numbers and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the tests for the house of the house where, as he was waiting for, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the damage of home advocating for the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached them even a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Howard as my voice as a volunteer firefighter I'm witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also from grand acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are going to be done, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you about this, don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, you take it now.
They serve food in a dining dining dining park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they go into the game. They save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, comes back.
Mark Beaches: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LIGO, it came up with this.
It was called a automatic assembly card.
And in a few years, the Lesings of LGBT came to every home.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announced -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick brick from each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lithus are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about all of you is that you get together by mixed.
So you can't put it wrong.
The brick has a color code.
The green is the close, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and you can start to make more circuits.
A blue with a green produced light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If you change the button by a pulse model, which is here, and now we have an intermediate light.
And we added this template to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, literary are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solar, literatures allow us to program by using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make you blink faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literary is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to get rid of bricks ready to use.
Luckily, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you can't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of a elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought literature to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with literary little as a material.
And here you can see, with paper bottles and ice, we have George creating.
(Music sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took the designers at Rhode Island School design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active conference cannon.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a lock made of planning that has fear of the darkness.
For these non-powered engineers, literature became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of all.
So, lithilities have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage us with the environment focusing on the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can get better to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to get the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Cool for America, and they would be like some Peace Peace Countrys.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the monitoring.
Instead of sending them into the Third World we send them to the global world wireless.
They made big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know All.
It's a hydrogen of Boston City.
This is what it looks like if you look for a quote, but what really looks for is that somebody clean it when it is trapped by the snow because it knows it's not very good at turning up fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this simple way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of "Children for American for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a long time last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hypertensions.
But one of the members called Erik Mildmore noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to wipe it out when you're born.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put a name.
If you don't do it, somebody can steal it.
So it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology technology does.
And it's spread in viral form.
A system responsible at the city of Honolulu, when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow but for citizens to adopt synapses of tsunami.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the spaghettis designers.
And Chicago has just launched, to make people register to clean sidewalks when the snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without farmers, in an organic and natural manner.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then we were told to have done for normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there is a project in the public power of California that even the time has cost 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that shows in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of stranger of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests to government better ways of working, not like private companies, as a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more like the Internet.
That is, without restrictions and open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a unconscious institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Cool for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And it is that if we leave the feeling about politics, the row in the MRI -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Robindan: "What we do together because we just can't.
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government ultimately emissions of us, they remember that from us, the people? The way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to be able to choose charges.
Well, after two years, I have come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, matter of gas.
This is the center of telephone care and information.
It's the place that you get calls if you mark 111 in America.
Scott took this call.
He entered Zummina: In the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open the door door, put music right and see if you go?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the gas.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and phone, called Congress Connection.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the Boston University of New Mexico Arabic.
One day, this happened really, this assumption, "Actual in my garbage bucket -- I don't know if he's dead.
How do I do to take it?
The dynamics of Congress Connection is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Congress Connection, it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zaponing" can. Yes. Live? Yes.
I went back to the cube. I went home.
Good night, Gagarin shoulder."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are authorized and helping others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
It connected two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another one, we build the communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 centimeters, the surface of it.
Below is what we call bureaucratic.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that decision that keeps it that we have that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our back, that other thing, and we are constantly losing power.
People think politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That does the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the Scott ("Augusting ("Actual Property project about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us that we've been rescued by the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't press government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to reframe the function of government so that it can expand in civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act manufacturing, just to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I was a bigger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown by taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care so much to make their voices heard.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a hypertension, taking a steel, dumping a garbage cube that has a gas inside.
Of course, we could always have clean those hypertensions, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital rebuilding that we're not only consumers, not only consumer consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a human handle?
Thank you.
This is a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death court.
I've spent most of my life in marine communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In fact, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that words in a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I think it's a caregiver, it can achieve much more.
That's why I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started many of the records in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born on the 1880s, and her experience with slavery called the way the world looked at the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving it.
When I was little and looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug for me.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then sold me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he would say, "Do you still feel my hole for?"
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at it.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes -- 20 minutes, she stood up, and he took his hand up and he said, "You see Brian -- both of us will convince."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Break, I'll tell you something, but you can't say it."
I said, "Okay, Mamba."
She said, "Now make sure you won't. I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brendan."
I said, "Hey, Mamba."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me that always carefully.
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that you will always do the right thing but the right thing is the difficult.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14  15, my brother came home with a sign of six beers -- I didn't know where I took them, grabbed me to my sister and to me, and we went to the forest.
We just got the crazy crazy crazy.
He took a beer short, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You follow but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer.
I grabbed my gaze with force and said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Man tells all the grandchildren that they're special.
I was deployed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't be said.
I know this will be spread out.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to other people that they really don't see sense.
We can't get you to do things that don't think power can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all its grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prepared during the ban of property.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, and we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than what it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this mass incarceration, in my view, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or black communities, it finds so much definition, so much despair.
One in three black ages between 18 and 30 years is in prison or conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balging, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of young color young people are in prison or conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt but wealth what the results are.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and function makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work at some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you have to provide rights forever if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we projected it for the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as before they were passing the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we are in a process of some lineages.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the robot of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, they've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine of nine people, it has been identified one that is innocent that it's extended and liberated from death robot.
A rate of error -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never allow any planes to be able to pick up any airplanes if every nine people would wake up, one would be started.
But we somehow kind of isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we need to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and it took to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be shocked.
They were worried about being bombed.
The terror threat was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- you make speeches -- I give people speeches to stop saying that in our history we were very first dealing with terrorism, after 111."
They ask me to say, "No." Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued to obviously have the security and decades of racial submarines and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All of the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial security without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about the death row.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say.
He said, "We don't have death row in Germany.
We will never naturally have it here."
The room was quiet and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are intentional and deliberately, we would have to run people."
Relative about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their most Jews?
We wouldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these things that are so hard, positive and wonderful things are yet implicitly.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about poor people, the closest ones who will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that is inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation with creativity, development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and flexible, but also dark and hard.
Valley Hawaii, the great cheese leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and testing.
Well, that orientation for spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should commit us.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parkins.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Cart called me to tell me, "Break, comes the Park Park. We're going to come together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen to us?
I said, "Be lady. I want to."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Let's listen to them.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was a very clever thing, very unusual.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks turned to me and said, "Now, Brian -- let me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted incredibly.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce population in prisons.
We try to end mass charges.
I gave him all my best speech, and I would end up looking at me and said, "The Mom Mom Mom."
And he said, "You get scared, very engaged."
At that time, Mr. Carol leaned up, he put my finger in the face and said, "This is why you have to be very bad to be very, very worth."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a shame.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killed.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's how it isn't.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think although it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very implemental, it's not going to judge us for our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way you treat rich and powerful and privilege, but the way you treat poor people, the conventions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel free. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I remain tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of fundamental.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, which have been happy to be judged as adults.
And I start to think, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't like?
The judge was held as an adult, but I see a kid.
One night later, I was sorry to think -- by God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, it must have magic powers.
Yeah, Brian has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think of correctly, but I started working on a most.
I had a 14 year-old client, a little girl, poor, black.
I started working on the motion, with a torch that said, "Mom for my 14 year-old black customer to be treated as a 75-year-old privileged white white white white.
In the momentom I found that there had been behavior in the access in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an aura line on how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics in this country.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that kind of a dream was a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it declared it, but he had sent it to the cut.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- "Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really associated, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally got off the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a older black man -- it was the condition of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Are you going to be a lawyer? I said yes.
So I approached myself and hug me.
And I would whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that it was violent.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
In the inside, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this basketball mass?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started to go. They were all inferent.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They came up the police fishing physicists, the auditoriums.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all the things that we were very excited about because we talked about parents, because we talked about inequality.
With the knee of the eye to see the conservation that I was going and came.
I looked down the window and he picked up all that scream.
He kept walking here and for there.
Finally, this old black black, with the face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge did a recession.
During the decline a assistance of the supercomputer was offered office because the conference had entered the room.
The attendance is actually advanced on the old black.
And he said, "Jimmy," what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up, he looked at the assistant, he looked at me and said, "I went into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with small."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our views of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must lead to free, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the speakers that share this, I just want to tell you that keep your view in the goal with fast.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your own purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a check. What can we do?
BG: There are several opportunities close there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refugee this spring in which you will get an effort to review the funds that you spend today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in arrested.
Five percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are defended to make the law, security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation. It's said that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you tell whom they think that is?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime crime has remained relatively stable.
The great growing growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing about anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brendan, you've been excited about us today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locket: grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer: Human in Somalia, Human Today: Politor 3: The police strips O.C. spray gas.
Voice 4: The lock of 4: Caldollard Carters.
Locket 6: Social decline. Local December.
Voice 8: Allending. Six -- Nikeworgeth.
Several locations: war to narrative. mass destruction.
Recepting Bank. Bank. End June. Egypt.
Crisis, death. Despite.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds: So these are just some of the clips I got in the last six months, and they would probably be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second in every day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called a campaign.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I ordered and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
That's why a dozen stories would prefer to look at the negative.
That old press of the press, "If there's blood selling -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news at seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's no wonder that we are perfections.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going from evil in worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress made in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- water and energy, no doubt we have.
As human beings, we are very good at performing the problems and, in the long way, we end up with them.
So let's look at what happens in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, average per capita per capita per capita has tripled.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food food, electricity and transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, relevance, television, mobile air and cars.
The massive cards of the past century, the experts on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury luxuries.
Speaking a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes up in the information technology jump in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a sentence of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in the rise.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And although it's made in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster.
And in this curve, the Moroccologists Law Hollywood, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Auton called infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels and vaccines and food, digital medicine, national medicine.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Watson Jewish, Brunnel?
It was summit.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: Watson beat human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
I play with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that thing that is scarce, and it will make it awesome.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National II March 18.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sima.
The Christmas troops ate with silver covered and the same Nasos, with gold workers.
But the king of Silk, ate with aluminum covered with aluminum cream.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, but more than gold and platform.
That's why the tip of the memorial to Washington is of aluminum to Washington.
You see, although the aluminum is 31 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and silence.
But then the electrodes came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappeared.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 hours of energy every 88 minutes.
This is not about scarce, but about acceptance.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation for sad, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the U.S. sunny parts of America, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Sarah pointed out the Vancouver Space spacecraft, 1990, after Saturn country?
He took a famous picture. How was it called this?
"A blue dot block."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yeah, 95 percent is saltwater, two percent of it is ice, and we fight for the water of the planet, but there is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nationals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the graphic -- I would like to share with you, gave me permission to do -- his technology called Soloky -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any source water water, contaminated water, a slow, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coke will implement it globally.
This is an innovation made by this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of abundance and communications abundance that no one could have ever predicted before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- DVD video, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they're democratic and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when you go through the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Black Foundation, something called the X Model Tribunt, of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can track the finger from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the marketing load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- calling the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the largest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it a billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds before you go into the global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars embedded in the global economy.
And they will get more health thanks to the Tribun, of a better education with Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three more of the members of humanity, educated and productive health members and products?
How about voices that are never been heard?
What if we give the operators, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these 3 billion?
What if you are contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Force.
It emerged at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it has been shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the progress of the graph.
We have the cancer capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
the correction of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1881.
Maybe they believed that picked up, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very common one.
It was the mean.
It was a lot fish to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of the UCA.
But we've heard this story many times, over Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The leaflets are still saying they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a cotton in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get stuck.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The cotton was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from some mangrove manuals.
There were telescopes of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar theater.
And the fishing of this clip was very abundant and went on for a good time, so it became more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved.
The five centralings.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
That is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly -- was called "The Murrock's Four.
I went out to fishing in it, and we did studies in southern China Sea and above all, in the Mari Sea.
What we captured was something inerting there.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectaclers, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny manuals on a few remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a drive.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They were described because they were dead.
We once captured a alive.
I wasn't searched.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of part, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis, we have good things -- biodiversity -- and the amount of origami, the core of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extract it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the flow of changes.
And at the end of the end to keep a few miserable remains.
And that, in a big way, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer anymore, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before we get extinct, it's very often.
You don't lose any animal animals.
You lose a little bit frequently.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become very often, because we fish them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of participation.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, lots of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you have, as it captures so much and such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually don't use the scientists of fishing because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in society societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can make a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and can benefit from the vision that provides them to erase their point of participation.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema can perhaps fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Charles Bay situation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Charles Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that materials and totalitarians are like "Airplane."
And if you think about "Airplane," if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- not talking about the story of the Parkinson's story, why are you moving with the images?
Because I evoke something that, in some sense, has been lost.
That's why my reconstruction, the only one that will give, is Cameron making a love II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Aland, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos make viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, antidepess -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, cost non-state in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can make famous Internet famous in a sanitation.
More than 48 hours of YouTube video goes up for minutes.
And, of course, just a little percentage becomes viral -- it gets infinite infection and winning common moming.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, communities of participation and surprise.
Well, let's start it.
Beard Saurcell: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh guy."
KA: Last year, George Viscorn published this film filmed outside his home in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the popularity rise of the past summer.
Berkeley doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Massach Mountain Beard.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimp.
Jimmy Kimber published this test that would kill the video to the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimpard presented us new things and interesting things to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you've got to start the end of a week, the end of week.   Friday Friday, Friday, starting the Friday,  KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Venus Black Lesters is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "You get "don't good a double, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Friday stand?
Well, I took it to Tokyo, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from mysterious Science Theatter, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are carrying a view and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parallel steps in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by defining or doing something new with that.
Nigeria Capta: It's a repetitive animation with a corner music.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours that has been seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw other cats.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technical community.
There were remains.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, it came up with a whole community of remaining that made this happen.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could be predicted "A Dolping "County or Reeb Ballet or Nigeria Cardo?
What do you want to have written that would make this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a kind that protest against the climates in New York, I admit that I don't really care too much.
Casey Nike: So I was moved by not circulated by the biography, but often there are obstacles that prevent you to circulate the biography properly.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nink made that five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all of the new things that we do creatively creative.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beard Saurway: What does this mean?
Oh Josh.
KA: What does this mean?
Tendency creators -- creative communities of participation, totally unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, where we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the middle of the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still seawled.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet -- a dramatic, a man whose entire life has been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
So imagine it as the communities come in Santa, facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they did it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died boring by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories are.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My job was not let that have been in vain. And my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get us up, but we sent it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the dawn of the sea slowly defining the sea.
My mother, Mart, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to a soldier talk: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incident for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old, he challenges the fiction, a boat disappears towards the self-consumed sea forest.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was periphery, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a sentence with poison from it.
If we were captured first, we would take it first of my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, and it turns it out in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirate paintings that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and unable to fit for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried -- given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we found in Melbotha.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in Francisco, a sort of work suburb whose population is composed of immigrants in it.
Unlike middle class suburbs -- whose existence I knew, in Francisco, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English controlled were traded between the people who had a common thing: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take out, that it was usually new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the towels, because I had to last six years.
And there were sort of weird and painful singers on the eyes race, and some graph, Asians, go home.
At home, where?
Something in me is stream.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhibiting every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered heads, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to get it off.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be statistic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition angry, angry, influenced children who were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicating with what I was doing of myself.
In the other, I was imprisoned in practical lives, tragically replaced by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year, I was elected by the young Australian young man of the year.
And I was calculated from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, I read -- I read American anonymous from Francisco, was now so Leonard, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the proteins.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in a submittral suburban -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and a domestic day, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when she got up to the ship.
The no one had been an option.
"Make it, he said, "And you're not what you're not still."
So I talked about youth and education and education and despair despair.
And the more frankly he talked about, the more it was used to talk.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my liberal, I realized that I couldn't stay in a log race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new thing on the scene -- and not only that it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being in the inside, it can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your property.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yeah, the world disappears, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed to be encouraged tremendously.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and bravery mix.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for who the motto can't do -- it was a crazy challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We work till the night at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ideas -- and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved and the adventure.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared about.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At the age of 17, it became a conclusion of a Mandarin whose mother hit it.
With no support from his husband, he caused a stir to sue and take the cause herself herself and much more reverse caused when he won.
You can't make it proven to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, 3,000 miles, Melbotheah.
I looked across the shower of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Francisco, and we sat around their basement.
We told her stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you have taken your hand since the morning he said.
"They haven't sold it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that running through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily connected.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of how easy the right.
Can I give you a test in their lives, serving courageous in every single wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizontal that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it, I would do it.
Stewart Nelson and also the mother of so is today here, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Raine about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Muslim Alia.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian Apple "The Mahatma."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we went back to a car and we spread the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Army, the great Indian warrior prison, had a side, took a bow and with a flower on the ground, get water.
Now we do the same with televisions and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pollinating clock of poet.
And this 50 years of technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pinks and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They were on our inspiration.
That's why I got married, I took this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
illustrated books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we where we are.
Put the text with the image, animation and sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplicating.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Kharlen, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light."
And so   says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I got a character from the book.
In several moments, I get a poster -- the iPad knows where the GPS -- that comes straight to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we made of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting me.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And really, they illuminate your path in what it remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy is running in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I drag towards this magic device, within the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all fantasy books there have been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flash and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it also reveals up.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another really important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary time.
These are the supermarkets here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the neighborhoods, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts.
These poor people have been trapped in Indra cameras for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked on, attached to their P.C. -- they've not come out of the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- of sticks, stones and hurts and cookies.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and on a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then throw it out.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is a digital collection of pictures that can then be put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a cord and says, "Oh, today I saw a short."
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking place.
Within the connections between magic. Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video goes up and through augmented reality, you see a group of animals that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are engage with technology and magic and technology to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to figure out a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she picks up a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi machine. It's a very simple thing.
It has a light bulb and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same moment that I need heart care or some urgency from that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers.
So, every morning I connect to my basketball Wikipedia, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me: Luck, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, I'll be available.
This little boat connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be captains of their own ship, but also can help us care for health care because of the challenges that we face, like the cost of the cost of medical attention, demand doubled and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by creative.
And one of the things we did would like to share it with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM cards are in Malwandradian.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA closest to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did creative in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to whoever, you see a DNA, please send it, tell us where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Malwandran and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their cell cell to find the DNA nearest -- which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DNA 44, which is the name of the product, but also as DNA.
And we would want to start it globally.
We're linking to all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the DNA consumer around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapse, it can be a party or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in place.
Please take us into this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it "learning?
Because, of course, they are pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the holes.
For me photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the point of time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the holes.
Photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And, despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say realistic I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to capture an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details, or the colors.
Is the light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But ultimately, it's about our way of interpreting the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality, and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we send the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It really has to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem really realistic I think are those ones that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the photos combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images do with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
And you might think this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas on your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pole.
And yes, I even made the house on the top of the island so that it seems more submersible.
So to make a realistic result, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take pictures of the picture, the result can be very beautiful and the result can be really realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start showing you a slide on technology, very boring.
Please get it up.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RCA microscopes, versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about sexual curves is something new.
Here is something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please follow the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we make technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if I would draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to make, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
That would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot for example, for example, some other technology, like transportation in a secret curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If transportation technology will move as fast as microscope, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of the relative growth that every few years advances orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plan is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
You can't sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe doing something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is that the new way that you embrace the world?
So what is the new state of the world?
The transition looks very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child, the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been completed, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
That happens a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different than extracting what we're doing today makes no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition we experience might be.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals floating around it.
If we look at the way that chemicals organize we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had flewibled some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them include materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In some sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet forms.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random record of chemicals.
And every time you divide you had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that you have.
That's why every gallon was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow became better than time to incorporate the chemical chemicals -- they grew more, they found more chemicals and divide more.
They were usually living longer, they were more represented in time.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some ways that we didn't understand these goals really well learned to store information.
They learned to run information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to replicate for.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living will be alive is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microscopes trying to hide the security people in the airport.
But it has this code -- and I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and embarrassed 10 to the 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot of my personal card -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a clock that would have put it in a virus and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
In that way, for example, I evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and applated them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they were replicated more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multi-touch communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-touch community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the ones of the brain, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started opening information.
And to build very special structures that did not do more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures will enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm here sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vagina and confusing, in your head that I have a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted in sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That is now allowing us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
We now go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. color, the video tape, the CDC, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
You saw the evolutionary example of Tombs where I produced some evolution with the Conventional program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems just a few decades.
The process is feeling free, I guess automatic is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process forests.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I jobs to design them wouldn't be possible without recent IT advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thailand Machaitians, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you can't before you can, much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes they employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequence of the chance?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approximate to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are most likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random secrets of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one luckily, luckily, could play two numbers on the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task.
We take those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And we went back to reproduce it by following a process of analog regimal regimal.
Let's take two programs that are going to give children children, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of the program combinations that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
It's rating again.
It introduced some mutations.
And I try again and play it with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they make the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
And once I was in a 747 with Mark Ministry and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight -- don't make you feel like?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
That's why we started to depend on computers to do well different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand about all the choices there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
It is fleeting.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feeling.
We're leaving.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplied.
We're the loves, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before you get rid of me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow you to be part of my fake pressure in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end of the world, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for coming out "breath of the rules and speaks about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battle average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battle that saves 300 dollars.
That means that the baseball efficiently is three of 10 times.
That means launching the ball to the game field without being attacked, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 in the Great League Lastins?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a 400-year-old baseball bat.
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 shocks, it takes four.
Legal Ted Williams, like the ultimate Ted Williams, the last player of the Elder League of baseball to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have applause and they are dedicated to a surgeon who has a record of 400 in adversity.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place and a loved place has two courageous coronary arteries and their family doctor delivered it to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She's getting better at this year.
His events have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, a nurse or a generous orbit?
A thousand very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the entire medicine knows the events of a good surgeon, of a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I include with the chain of being perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a community obsessed student.
Once, a company in high school said Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little disaster, in the University of General Hospital nurses not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the array, the digital differential diagnosis and not happy.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney acceleration accidents.
And as much and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And the school school of medicine with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because I would be involved from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the lady Drakoff.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto, when they brought the lady draw to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when emergency I used to consult a cardiologist I had to join that patient.
And it will inform the head of residents.
When I saw the lady Drakoff, I was advancing.
I heard a result sound.
And when I draw it, I heard a sort of broken sound on both sides, which gave me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him a drug and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him doctors, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid light.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I got the first mistake -- he sent it to her house.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her to her house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone nor do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and meet him with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I probably didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even connecting my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inside that said, "Goldman: It's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse that I was looking at the Lord Dravies: "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse I thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that he signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the paradigms took her to her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was my car to go home. At that time I did something I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there is another nurse, not the one I heard from the Lord Drak before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists fear it too, but there is a particular thing in emerging, and that is that we see patients.
The three words are -- you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient that sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice tone with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and down to death.
At an hour of having arrived at his house, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapsed and her family called 9/11, the doctors brought it to emergency with an automatic pressure of 50 millimeters of Hacke, which means a severe shock.
He barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff destroyed all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was touched and hit to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that he would recover.
And in the two or three days after, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
I had an irrespected brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let her go. The lady Zabriel, spouse, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
Next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the shame shame that exists in our medical culture and felt lonely, isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil embarrassment I talk about is the one that makes us feel very wrong inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I dream things out, and I make sure that they wouldn't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss -- why did he send her to her home?
And in my worst moments, why do I make a mistake so high?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little often that feeling was disciplined.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I was reduced the efforts to be perfect to be able to make more errors, it would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 15-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was sitting here.
He looked at his throat -- he was a little colored up.
He wrote penicillin and sent him home.
But as he turned to the door he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guardian change, my boss asked me to talk to me just in his office.
And I made the three words: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the throat of the throat in the throat, right?
So he came back and didn't have a strategic fascination.
I had a potentially deadly agency called oil.
You can look for it in Google. It's an infection, not the throat, but the upper air, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
You get antibiotics to get intractable and recover at a few days.
And then you go through the same period of shame and repeat, then I was up and went back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency tube, I didn't have any opposites.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discussion.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a range of kidneys, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was checking the patient was a certain sensitivity in the lower right square and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to retreat and asked my colleague to check it.
They reviewed it and he noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every case I was started, I was developed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a body.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only angry, and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do you teach them this so that they don't make the same errors?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a drug in my hospital was a marketing in my hospital to believe that it would have difficulty to look at your eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and those who are not going to sleep and the ones that are standards and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical practices and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program, "Who Coast Coast, Black Art: White art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are impossible.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs president in the hospital are wrong, or decoding is not right. In a system where Italian infections are increasingly increasingly and more numerous and causing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian channels die for evolutionary medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it is about low supplies, because we're not going through the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain in the chest, and it comes along with eye eyes and window breath and suddenly my story is a decentralized story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all of the professionals.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious case?
In my program, "Delight white, black art, black art, is a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery -- "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah. What are your mistakes? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they came back, they drop their head and they would swallow and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where to do it.
They need reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and it doesn't get proud of your mistakes, but it is expected to learn from what happened to teach others.
He shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
Put the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes from time in time.
My name is Brian Golden.
I am a redefining doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions do you take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that said choosing an average American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of prisons of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that were tested by these executives and the time they used to make the decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they took 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of the hour for an hour care?
How do you rank the way you handle those decisions?
I want to talk to you today about one of the biggest problems of the active, choice to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a paste.
And now my first question on the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of options of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it was frequent by this very, very high level, at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It's called "The Drapers.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was like 250 different classes of mustard and blood, over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the water bottled water, and this was when we took water from the tap.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the size of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with me.
Past.
They had 348 different types.
We installed a post to decept, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there memorized from six sanctions, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, how many people were willing to stop trying to test the memorized?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market of memorizing.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there were 24 -- only three percent came to buy me.
Of those who stood when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memorizing.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy whether they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy it probably becomes a good thing to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of options overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to not decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gubba Handely, and I started Kamilan and Best Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in plans of savings for retirement, the 404 program developed people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds offered -- there was less participation.
So if you look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds -- the rate of participation went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were encouraged to avoid action or investment funds.
As there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial market account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you give the decision, you apply it even when this is against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, although they're obviously getting better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of mass -- muscle, anger and memorized, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibition of that.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we have tried, in one form or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first one is, Correl.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Collapse."
They worry about losing space in the animal.
But actually, what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of weird redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales. You will get the costs down, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Head, and Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Gordon Camera eliminated the products for cats that were less sold -- they increased the users in 87, by two causes: higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, in average, they offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alice and offers only 140 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce in a classroom.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Landila, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life rate of life.
Who you really want to choose, they are offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is I ask employees, tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate -- neither will be able to do their clients either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking about Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vaccines with all paid to the most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the Garden offer.
(Audience: Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Are they nothing?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually get to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round than the second, but I can get stuck and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices, which is to concrete.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must be feeling very very concerned, very concrete in a way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Selling Benjamin and Alaska President, especially NGO staff who worked in NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 404 plan.
And to that meeting, that we made exactly how it was used by it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the northern run, the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different types to 664.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to difference.
These are two jaring displays.
One is called "Jewish" and the other, "Shrink."
If you think the one on the left is Swedish, and the on the right is Japan, you give a paste.
(Audience:
If you think the one on the left is Japan, and the on the right is Switzerland, you give a paste.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese, and the on the right is Swedish. But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who chooses, not what defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge hedge lists.
Who is supposed to be influenced?
My fourth category, conditionally conditioning.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, buy it in a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to do it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
colors, color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few moments, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 50 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at.
How much involved you are.
If you always touch the button by defect in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed or it's being adopted -- we're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of options to a few options -- they operate the button over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose you.
Although you choose to pick up the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of choice, cut all the strange alternatives -- to concrete, to make it real. Click, we can handle more categories with less choices -- conditionally conditioning.
All these techniques I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving them.
So I think that the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Community East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing, I should register it to the government.
You had to register an example of example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that somebody could do this, how much that would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on each page that you follow a pattern that makes them own one and its printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one seems to be achieved by this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the world online, we can actually grab attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're circles.
Like Mr. Dimitry Gulf in Kiribati city in Ukraine.
Collective cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, huge amounts of money.
There are really many cases of military online, multi-touch, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tasocailz, from Tarbreh, Stanford.
This is Alfred Gornerder.
This is Stephen Wall.
This is James Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tara Opera etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortunes online, but they do it for illegal media by using banking tribes to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this woman, Sam Jane, and this story had 14,000 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Japan was straight -- he knows her paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a criminal crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from evil in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been destroyed in the last 12 months occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks) criminals that do it by money, the hackers like Anonymous do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Dinosaur.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Dinner is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
It will be declined the last fall, because of a shock.
They broke the security of the site and they took a cyber pick.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representative government representatives I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people from the attack to Diagnostath.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of this?
Dinosaur is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
So what do certificators serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with a store, you have serious SMS services, services like Guah.
Except a foreign certified authority.
They emit climbing certificate.
And in the case of Dinosaurs, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the sea of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building salt, they found a lot of papers.
Among those pieces I was this capital called "Symptomatorial titled "Shakespeare."
And within that folder there were notes of a firm company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government of the tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters are right here.
So Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple weeks ago, the South Trees -- a tribe used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspected in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the South Trek to infect our computer with a tribe to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think of things like these the obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we respond today to be forever.
We trust blindly in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that need us to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the south of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The Nairobi National Park has no near the largest part of the south, which means that wild animals like boats migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like lions. Keep them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead feeling very bad because it was the only time we had.
My community, the most, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to share them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up having a lot of the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years old, is responsible for their father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that it actually didn't serve it, because it would even help lions see the status of far.
I didn't give up. I continued.
A second idea was to use a spreads.
I tried to cheat the lions so they thought it was near the stage.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the shopping, and they went down, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with an archive, and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would be able to get and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Armstrong everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little drug box. I call it a transformation.
And the box indicates it makes the lights go.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights are stopped and they fit the lions so they think I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators as heroes, leagues, and also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, International International Brown, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the programmers of the savanna dragging my father's cows and used to see airplanes flying and told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Al smell -- what in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting you can hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
LT: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: A close electricity?
RB: I know that you invented the fence close, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I try it once, right? And -- RS: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calling --  CA: At the foot of the candy, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step you have, friend me.
Thank you very much. RCA: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "Don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim IITN, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except America, Japan is the enemies.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're wired together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We are prepared to die."
I was very alternative.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a very short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A wife without life was dead in the street, holding a child climb in his arms watching her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine ship North Korea in the middle of '90s.
In the end, over a million Koreans died during hunger, and only a few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more free the energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my home.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angle in certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many people die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant parts.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a night reduce.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and were interested in the police station.
Someone had been accused by being Northern, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an office said, "This was a fake report -- she's not northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports. North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape -- many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after I learn a new language and find work, all of its world can be taken in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk myself from the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Starting in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We're all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I South Suray or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with proud of me.
Although I adapt to life in South Korea, I was not easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities introduced some money that I sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be shifted to force to a faster location.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then across the Southeast Asia.
The bus ride took a week, and we almost went caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and adopted by an official of Chinese police.
He asked all of them, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was introduced to my family, and I told him that they were a remarkable people who were activating.
I looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We made all the way down to the Labor border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegal.
After paying and substances, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Lake capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was released in prison to short distance from the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or fun.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger will be able to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the car card, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other Koreans and to take them out of prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the Norwegian people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown kindly symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Korean people when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the roots of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met ourselves in South Korea.
But to achieve his freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families, and when they walk into a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from the inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans, an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world, including at the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South America.
This is Center South Center, Latin food, fast food, ball land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central so that it represents something else, so they changed Los Angeles South as if this would fix what's wrong with the city.
This is Los Angeles South Los Angeles --  stores, fast food, ball land.
Just like 26 million other Americans live in a food desert, Los Angeles Central South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to get killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of expensive diseases in Los Angeles Central Angeles.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, who's like 15 miles away.
I tired to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of closed wheels and sold as cars.
I see centers of dialogue directions like Starbucks like Starry.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me going to handle 45 minutes away and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have perfecting.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 meters a mile three.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it up.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going on in cattle, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it away."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we get together and start planting our forest for food, fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a game group that is paid by advanced companies from all the procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a computer saying that I had to remove my garden, the computer became a collective order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So it was like, "Well, we'll get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve London, and I talked to the coral and one of Green Groups members who put a petition in Christopha, with 900 firms, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My cooking even called to say that they were back and they adore what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more land territories.
It has 68 miles of ball ground.
That's 20 Central Parkins.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why do the hell don't look good about this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand seeds, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my hymmetry, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me by others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
Gardening is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
As an artist of graffiti that shows walls, I send soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my understanding of that canvas.
You will be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You will be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
Garner is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urban one.
Also, you get free.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and his daughter -- they were like 1030, in the night and they were in my backyard, went out and looked very started.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh no, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
That's what it's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but I want you to go back your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a defender shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught -- if you're not taught how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind things that you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, who don't carry them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are charged with their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Cardon.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to put people to work with people, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers' markets.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want all of them to become an evolutionary revolution, designers, sense gardens.
We need to change the script of what a sentence is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a sentence.
You take the strings to take your road, right?
That is your weapon of choice.
Instead, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some list -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick so we can plant something.
Peace Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  You probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, that it takes a lot.
They can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that satellites.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
In addition, asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make point of poop supernova.
The poor portrait, a material that we use now in most countries of the Netherlands, has ports and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flow up to the sides and you will have a road where it's easy to drive, and you won't save water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hung, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to be down? You see that on this road the stones of the surface are gone.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give her paradox, and you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bags with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage looks like in this material.
It's a portrait assame, as I said, so it only has a little amount of crap between the stones here.
Because of the improvement, the ultraviolet light to the ocean, the ocean, this advance, this ball, the glue between the rivers, it will come in, and if you come up, you will get microbes and you will separate from the advertises.
So if you drive on the road, you will get the administration out, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about service materials.
If we can make this material attract, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean satellites, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bathroom.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, as you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
The induce can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the barrel, the barrel will flow through these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used an oven, microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry out here to the stage.
Microsoft holistic is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters of the AIDS highway, where we had to make a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were making the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of burden on them, and we repair them after our industry machine, and we repair them and tried them.
We can repeat this a lot of times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface, and they actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the weak in my house.
My father was listening to Brain News in his little gray radio.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban were going down, I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban moved in Afghanistan and made the girls illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister who could no longer be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we would both be able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market bags so that it seemed to be shopping up.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us put up in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once when school was closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban argued for.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live in?
We were affected, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total encounter of a remote province of Afghanistan -- I insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father was lost.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will be retreat two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated about our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Oh, my father, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bias, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Medicare College in change.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was extended from her home for the courage to educate her daughters -- was one of the first to congratulate her.
He doesn't only get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, I wear him driving through the streets of Karas.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1916, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded SAR, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see her parents and their families who, as my own, advocate for them, to weigh and even face a delivering opposition.
Like American. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SOLU to his village, and literally they were unable to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get home, they are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try and try.
Look at me already, if you like, "But I won't give my daughter's future for your old old ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the talents, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't last much last -- after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibility, and every day of SOLEME girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Homon, resistant to Gaddafi -- fight against him.
But you never get a revolutionary standard Gadderline."
They've spent nearly two years since it comes up with the linear revolution inspired by the oceans of massive mobility and Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other online citizens, inside and outside the country to call a factory day and start a revolution against the tourist regime of David.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young young men were in the vibration, demanding each of the regime, carrying freedom pandemics, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to explore the Britain dictatorship of David.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brilliant war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the stranger.
But David left a heavy charge, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and self-esteem seeds.
For four decades, the tourist regime of David destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
conscious of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Bosnia during the end, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in 1963.
After a 30-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique excitement, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Player of Women Liberians for peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the collective period, an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is more and more polarized and model of democracy selfish and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17th percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually the power of elections and revolution as one whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient mosques profession and summarized tumors.
Another day I stayed with the news of the American empathy and the consumer attack.
Another day we woke up with the news murder of the army officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the millimeters and their continual rape rape rape rape and their lack of law respect.
Our society, which is made by a revolutionary mindset, police more, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Intersection, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the crate of crazy crazy and elections.
I'm here today to confess that we as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Now the crack list and the alternative between candidates and candidates.
No, they didn't do it.
So what happened then?
Why is our society still pollinated and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion -- both men and women?
Maybe what was missing wasn't only women, but the female values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than they needed choices, which only reinforce polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like infection agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, that not just honor but also put the music in practice rather than revenge. collaboration instead of competition, including the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has an academic that deals with the interference and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crazy.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a version of the Koran "Startletence: "It's the word of the musical God, "Open," compassion.
At the same time, the word Ramadan: which is known in all of the adoptive traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "The Ray and the word "The "The Feumania and the material -- that spans all of humanity that men and women, where all tribes and all the peoples have emerged.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all existence.
And so we say, "My misery would take all of things.
This is how you say, "My misery is preferred about my anger.
That all of them are given the grace of misery.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an awkward question, which has an equally uncomfortable answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is what everybody else is doing always -- why is she left?
Why would someone go to stay with a man who pushes you?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just signed up at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in Sergio magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card card American Edward, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, pointed up to my head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of love love, a psychological trachoma, which is a psychological transport, where they fall every year of women and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't seem a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am a liquid in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing at the Washington Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the "Free 500 list companies, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burn and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black labor and a minister Honey Odes directly.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all race, all the religions -- all the levels of renewable and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the males are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and intelligent and long-term relationships or, saying otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, the domestic abuse is so description.
I myself would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who punched it, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, voices and abusive husband in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to shoot me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had just come out of a university from the Laugh Laughter and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that it seemed like a kid.
I had a little big molecules like apples and a robot crowd and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congress did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially at the beginning on a peak.
And we started going out and loved all of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard -- that I put passion to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that was why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner -- so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love love that was entering a head in a physical track, financial and psychological track company.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And here is where they go into the scene that pictures.
As soon as we move to New England you know, that site where he was supposed to feel so safe he bought three pills.
One had the car guard.
The other thing underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pictures actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in a danger, every single day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend from my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were living happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very remote.
It just had been very accelerated by the wedding and the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice more times in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was grabbed by the traffic, and I threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
He kept watching me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence victim or access at some point in their life, and the Centers Control Center that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why am I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell from a deeply started man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face her devils to face.
The other question all the world does is, why don't you just make it marriage?
Why didn't I leave me? I could have gone at any time.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a computer.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in domestic violence occur after the victim has been in the end of the relationship, after they go, because then the Bedouin has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent access, even after the abuse has come to came up, financial resource production, and manipulation of the family court system to land the victim and their children, who usually are forced by judges to spend time not super-male with the man who pushed their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of one last steam that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, my neighbors, my friends, my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to land victims as sticker headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it straight?
For some people is a way to say, "The fault is its for shame," as if the victims would be deliberately choosing from men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Local Love, I have heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also sparking -- who learned an inevitable lesson of what happened to them and they took their lives out of joyful and happy lives like employees, wives, mothers and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a tender and a young man, and we have those three children.
I have that black wash and also that minister.
What I'm going to never have ever more, ever, is a charged pistol pointing into my head in somebody who says he wants me.
Right now, they're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating." Or "Hey, what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that they're being made out of small or that they are small or they are complete themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put my very crazy love to my particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse takes only in the silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
Victorials need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the male to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers of work, their friends and family.
They replace their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interact consciously, to stop their scale and show the victims a safe sale.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call myself Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there is a tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothes on a stage at TED -- so you have a lot of fortune to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I would find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tanks are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to happen in the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would write the back and would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial outbreak like the one that made me two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our appearance, which, although superficial and immunization, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a hotels discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won genetic lottery. And I am the benefit of a heroism, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire too, we have also associated with a high and strange figure, to feminist and white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I heritage that I have known to leverage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown now, and maybe there are some lovers in the fashion that say -- wait, there are Naomi Tork, Tara, Joan Stars, liquid Web.
First of all, happy to know about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each other and each of the models in the password, and from the 777 controlled models, only 27, meaning less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, "Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president in the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a non-power and poet surgeon, which would be awesome, because it would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they're still insisted, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of the redesign of the American magazine or the HIV executive director or the next Steven Medishabach.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have already finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs on your back, no matter what you say, you know, if you said you wish to be president of the United States, but your reduction said, "Computer model for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people always do is if all pictures are retracted.
And yes, they basically retreat all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a Biology, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering personal land, but it was a girl.
This is how it looks along my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a painting party a few days before the pictures for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the T magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creation of a group of professionals, perceptions, machines, photographers and statistics, and all their aid aid and prostitution, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too much 20 inches of 20 inches and I never use, except the past, but the privilege that I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free search.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a heavy driver -- he jumped a symptom in red and, of course, they stood in, and he had a sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that were paid and recorded 86 percent were black and Latino -- most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me?
When I research for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And this is all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my approach every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some smaller legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the largest hair and the most largest clothes, but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that will stop from this talk, I hope that all of you feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
photography has been my passion since I was older enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more photos, and I didn't go out and I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them out for random tourists.
My story starts when, finding myself in New York City to give a sentence, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday day. That's the 57 and five percent.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter came up to me, my wife told me, why don't you take Sandy to New York in a paradigm trip and continue the ritual right?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, nobody has done with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change the life this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective change, my daughter gets new hands, and I can see the life through his eyes and how it looks and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking around, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed a red ship from the wrist store that I loved small visits in the previous visit.
And I described what had felt like the five years of foot in that same place.
He said that he remembered his heart particularly spread to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories of memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious memory creation.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
So today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't get to come up to somebody and ask them, does a picture take us?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The buses are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter personalized characters, silly charts, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the blood press laughter -- applause and climates, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean,  Parks don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly monitoring.   You're far out of extinctive.   You're far from extinctively.  And my favorite, the bubbles have better presence.   There are two types of bubbles on this planet.
There are the bus of the New World who are primarily found in the Americas, such as conditions and charges, and the Buddha Eastern Buddheashes, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the buses important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the carcasses into the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them to expand and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the carcasses take three to four times longer to decline, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bus also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protection and the material, and along with the cobra -- they signed up the unit between the Alto and the Earth Earth.
In the Hindu mythology, Japan was the god Buddha, and he risked his life to save the Siol Singapore devil of the 10 heads of David.
In the Tibetan culture, they get very important entrencests in open sky -- in places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buses provide a system of natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the bus?
We have eight species of Buddha in Kenya, which six are in the extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, particular communities use this venom against predators.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of Buddha are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years they will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dichore.
This drug has been banned to use veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there is no Buddha, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in card varieties, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for wrong, the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 35 architects are going to be above the Turkal lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird crafts.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of bubbles dead to serve the break and the feedback market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting them transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a problem that's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the Buddhas, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can they help? It can become active -- it can become active -- to make noise. They can write a letter to their government and tell them we need to focus on these very inclusive creatures, donate their time to spread the word. Specific the word.
When you come out of this room, they will be informed about the Buddheass, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the buses.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do -- and everything I do professionally, my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1997, young Lumbar, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote of Maryland, African and Somalia.
I worked for an Italian NGOs and every project we set out in Africa failure.
And I was settled.
I thought, at the age of 21, we Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we used it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Working from the Zimbabwe: was a project where we Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia, to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zimbabwe River, and teaching local local tomatoes and calls, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't happen.  We were astonished that the local, in so fertile valley, wouldn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that you could not grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  "Just in time to save the people from Barn of human."
And of course, everything in Africa was creating beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes. In Italy, a tomato will grow up to this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the ships, "Look how easy the agriculture.
When the tomatoes were nice, marketing and red, at night at night, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the channels, "Oh my God, we have the hypotheses.
And the chains said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't you say that? You never ask.
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed our hypotheses.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we treat the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Here Death Death, the embryonic economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Take it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impossible, collapsed miserable, and treat people only in two ways, or patterns, or we are pathogenic.
The two words come from the Latin Raiso race," which means parent."
However, it means two different things.
Pathage, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot."
Patria, I treat all of the one of the different cultures as if they were my seats.
So the white in Africa are called Bush" being.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- the small is beautiful," written by Schummarge, who said to all of economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped by helps.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a base on the ground and said, can we, you can imagine a city that's not neurological?
I decided at the age of 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Company East where you never start anything, but it becomes a little service of local passion, the service of local passion, who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut down.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of locality ...
We don't work from the office.
We met in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we found out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not once we heard them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs have never asthma, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the family family doctor, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen table, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning your life.
I started this as a test in Empire, West Australian City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this constraint base where we came to tell us what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on march, and the government came to see me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut down and I listened to you."  So the government says, "Make it up."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drape, one of the greatest business advisers in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Draper was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter DrapekTT: "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative enterprise economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now they are reconnitively reconstructing Christian without knowing what the most scary people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them consequence, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will be able to get into mass of them.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
So what are you talking about more of this morning.
passionate local people. That's what you have shot.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution industrial fuels, not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture, we cure us, we education, we engage, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, universities?
Government? Forget it.
They're going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in the year 1860, this group of people came together -- and they sequenced about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was "line: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York to the surroundings, would require six million horses, and manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already advanced in stage.  So in 1860, they were discussing this dirty technology that would make New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States of the United States, 1,100 car manufacturing companies appeared to me.
So the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scares, scales, factories in the previous places.
Debego, Michigan. Henry Ford Hero.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them consequence.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute and dedicated service service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with this to entrepreneurs.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnitudes massively, the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to tell a great financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Western, Edinburgh, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Jane.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common -- only one: No one was started by a single person.
You never have the word "I but the word "we" -- 32 times.
He wasn't only when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factories, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee candidates, in bars next to their demands who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this open, somebody who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I'd like you to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't really exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substances, plants and chalk.
These projects come out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we ask and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and sleeps?
I live in New Orleans and I'm love in New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give a shadow to love, drunk and soap for centuries and trust in a city.
And there's a description in New Orleans.  There's a description in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned property properties.
I live near this house, and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was suddenly and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for time living and time.
It gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I want to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant board and painted on her phrases to go, "Before I die."
So the train could take a chalk -- reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering out.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die I want to be pulled by pink pink --  "Before I die, I want to sit in the car change line.
"Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die I want to live outside the network.
"Before I die I want to hug it once again."
"Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people who made me laugh at cards, and I was destroyed by them, and they gave me hard moments in time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new new ways and slavery -- it's about giving the reflection and complexity, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we did a kit and now have been made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express us and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
It will think of the ultimate death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what it matters to us as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us can't only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Red is 22 years old, it's high and very guy.
It doesn't speak, but it turns out better than some of the best speakers.
Red knows what love is.
You share it including what's going on.
It's not awful. It doesn't look at the skin color.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never mind.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even be able to remind you, I remember one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very golf.
It puts the most improvised memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when every single songs of my iPod came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I'm going to get my arm during the first episode of the Teszers and the Lady Gaga.
Do you don't look amazing?
But most people don't agree about.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and I forced my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary ones.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "level," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it becomes a different way, from there that Rimp is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and although it's one of the development disorders that are faster in the world, there is no cause or no cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember a single day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months ago, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I went alive and randomned in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be in between.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more apparent.
But beyond the bees, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity. There was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prevalence, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments that I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
The normal, the beauty passes the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that someone is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are a donation." Every one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for great, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been to be Alice in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Austemeton of truth -- scared of these students with their big minds, their big minds and their big books and their unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt like when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like when I had those conversations with the students, I was surprised by ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, having a little bit of simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy.
First question to solve ourselves, and so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the projects, but they study the crowds, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the optimism.
And when they are describing their science, care with jargon.
The game is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temporary -- but why not say "space and time? It's much more accessible to us?
You can make them accessible is not the same thing as to make them.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways to embrace and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signals of ball."
You've wondered why they're called balances?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of our brain and abused us.
Instead, this example of the General Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the workers is so strong that it actually inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower of the Earth.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, all the means --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all over the Oxford English Dickenston is solid."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "slide: "The devil political policy.
Although there was a representative editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A slavery is the one who seeks a public charge no matter of parties, platform or principle, and that, when win, it gets for the mere use of a retinal rebuilding monumentalized.
I have no idea what "and "I mean "and "are a "striking?
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't so far, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the camera parallel.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Crossing, who was faced with Parliament.
They were killed in the Tower of London and they commissioned him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase and the course of the phrase as well as the metal."
Most people think it's literal enough.
It's not. It's by a freedom of expression of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, just after independence, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was made in Congress for a long time.
These are all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some wanted to call it "Herder de the Washington State," and others, "Your Altrigue George Washington -- and other Determines from the U.S. Village Velthouce Development."
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "The "Regrow."
They thought it was quality.
And not even with that were monographer, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it might have been serious.
Everybody is incredibly tired because this debate is protected for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator and I always wrote, still with this topic."
What caused the retreat, and the face was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to fall out of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he was given to him or his survey ideas.
So they wanted to give them the most modest title of the title and more compelling and more leadership than it was happened.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- it already existed before, but only he meant somebody who owns a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grandmother than the term "painting or supermarket."
There were very small presidents of small colonial residents and government face, but it was really a consistent title.
And that's why the Senate pulsed out.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign dinosaurs."
"And who would be serious with a title as ridiculous and significant as American President?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never been completely referred to the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, hoping that the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 23 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads -- the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have given to the title of grandma.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness of it.
But you know how many nations are now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear head, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Republicans lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them they're now the U.S. President.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and what I'd like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to make shape and control reality, but really, the reality is much more about words than the words could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to the land in an illegal mine from Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the darkness, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that cacophony of male tops and stones party with primitive tools.
As the others, I take a little cheap light cheap of light to the head with this analogy analogy, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that one meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
And I suddenly remember my hand, and suddenly I remember a minister that I met days before, who lost control and fell immediately meters in that well.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risk their lives without paying and reward and often, dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're press from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Community.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an intersection of "President the Salada, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not such a grade.
When we finished talking, I was very wrong, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this ambition of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a standard of the stomach and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "President the Seventh and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, it would shine the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans who are displaced during the whole treatment of translation slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
But today you can be satellited today to entire families by generations by 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work for then finding that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in the commercial," the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are described.
Slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the shame officers.
This strange and fortunate show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Indian Indian.
Internet in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, whole families wrapped in a heavy package of dust -- playing mechanically sharks in their heads, to 18 at the same time, and take them from the advertisers to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Despite the monkey and the song working silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, or to drink, and the severe depression made it pee quite intriguing.
So performing was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to the touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the coordination that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Slow, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to trust "President the Seventh and work within the system by his release, and I trusted that they would get it.
In my mind, I wait to get home to feel my destructive heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children running rocks for miles for mountain terrain to trucks that they were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than children who carry them and children follow them to their head with career coasts made of sticks and ropes and hardware.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so inexpensive, but so many?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been all his life.
They have nothing about what to compare with.
When these villages cut their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When we hear the slavery word, we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness I was reminded that it would be hard for me to work security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I got women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by a bunch of ancestors that gave this dirty basement, with fluorescent light stage.
It wasn't exactly a blue.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restoratively -- as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves -- women with their girls and kids, some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty and identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse from their clients.
From foot in the permission, I remember having felt a fear advanced fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be to be trapped in that hell.
I only had a closer," the stairs.
There were no back doors.
There were no big enough windows like to translate.
Those people don't have scarce, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service and list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens for me, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait.
The warm hands of black are from the father, the blue tents and red, from their children.
They mix tiny synthesis in these big bars and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the temptation is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere where we really pay us our job."
There are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family on a boat, two older brothers -- some younger kids, make sense, make sense right?
Erthough. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their starden families, disappeared and forced to work surplus in these boat boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to it, he was simply shaped -- it feared that his little canoe was sticking.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of the trees that are going on in Lake Lake often catch networks and kids, failed and fear, are thrown into water to divert the branches.
Many of them are dominated.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruel slums, often treat younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they got up the last few networks, but they had been working from a one.
In the night cold and windy night.
And it fits to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter in which he preserves the Seventh victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
I drive by a road in Ghana with "President Portland societies, an area company with his motor suddenly accelerated and supported our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, he inspired us to come out of the car, and I asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then it pointed out this serial signal and said, "This is the way, this is the path. Let's go."
As we started to go down, we took the inderstitues that blocking the way, and after walking around one hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the team of photos on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the synchrony path ended up openly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
Many women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in windowledged water water.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in one part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pregnant in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 meters, and these people are carrying heavy pigs of stone that will then be transported to another area in which they will make the stone so they can extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be full of strong and virtual men but if we look closer to it, we see other lucky other students and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the market investment in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, he marked the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be adopted.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and, nonetheless, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with help of local activists like "President the Seventh and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to make a testimony of them and we'll do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're from people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these beautiful people, male people, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force has a fire and that fire shoots light on the slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applicating mathematics and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management conservatives.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'll try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We are flattered by the virtues of the ballet and the click dancers -- that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like the Parkinson's bad gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stephenheian who, at his time, was a virus dancing in a whale.
In the last few years, a lot has been progress in the treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weaknesses, temperatures, rigorous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way that we know if there is really a cure will be when we have an objective and a ceremonial metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement, there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a new next newspaper test.
And you have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside of clinical trials, they never do. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try and see it, you see, in a sense at least, we are all virtues like my friend Jane Stradgress.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as it emits sound when we speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The FO2, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think of the time that it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's affecting limbs also affect vocal organs.
On the bottom plot you can see an example of the immortal cord correspondent.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and realistic and ridiculous.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspirationally after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They both are precisely. Well, but in addition exams.
That is, they can be adoptive.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're minimally cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears at a massive scale.
These are some incredible goals that are ready to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not need to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With a high frequency monitor, we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost massively low-cost equipment for clinical trials, and for the first time, factory chemotheraps at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first disease biofuels before it is too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Academy and Palestinian, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's -- it can call low price and leave recording for a few cents. And I am pleased to announce that we've reached five percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Magazi, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take out of these shows?
Max Little Little Lie," yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for cleaning the confusion factors for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
MK: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Tanalas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, what it applies to the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MT: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, audience.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographs in New York City.
We're closed creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the darkness, in no windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We make the most thin thin models, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible skin and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- the Rovers Voltalated, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay in home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Folden.
It's a small village of fishermen located in the president of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the waves.
The water level reaches over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took the rubble out of the channels and the sands.
We cleaned up schools. We removed the slime and we left the houses ready to be renovated and retired.
We took tons and tons of fish dead, anticipation, rotten from the local factory.
We were understood and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and little pictures of photos and cameras and CD cards.
They all did the same.
You pick them and take them to different places from the people around the town to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
As they made the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village activation center.
He helped clean the common toilets, the huge balloons, giant wars.
So this place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of activity picks up the photos.
They took them out there, and I had the honor that that day they would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was transparent to myself that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some people who had over a hundred years a few still in the lab, and they couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started retrieved the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stranger, but where the water had declined the face of the girl had a lot of precision and depression.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the stress picture.
With the step of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more reported so that it went back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later, 80 people were offered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 people desire to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Redwight, a neighboring village in North Man.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were going to be able to deliver them is a different story, it depends on of course the fate of the photos.
I could do an hour -- I could do weeks.
I could mean months.
This monkey had to draw virtually by hand using how the areas whose color and detail, the water had not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even oil, all of them with the step of the time continue to destroy it, so cleaning it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't delay the picture unless it was clean, dry and have been declared by his owner.
We had lucky with the crazy.
We have the guidance of an early neighbors.
It's very easy to harm even more than the pictures already hurt.
As World once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to wipe it herself but she stopped when he realized that it was even more.
It also had duplications.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single photo and remove the full picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble starts far away from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the synapses were sounded.
Her little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed his pictures his youngest son 14 years.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could do to look, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been made by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan, 1,100 volunteers had joined us in there and helped us clean up more than 130,000 pictures -- the vast majority -- the vast majority came back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to bring up 90 families of fully restricted photos and restricted.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures of them.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us, but the first thing we would get to look for.
And about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity -- to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it supports a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the reported life.
Some of them connected them to something larger than that, putting something up, using their talent for something that are not the thin skin models.
To finish I would read this email email -- I sent it Cinal the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was retrieved, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, and I moved around a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter news, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  clapping.
Doctor Edinburgh inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that took an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photography, the photographer, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rights, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the camera idea.
If I take a laser pointer and you get it out and turn it into a trillion of a second or so, in a number of females, create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that photo package -- that ball, traveling at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
So if we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons go into this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanotechnology is what it takes on traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke didn't adopt this research.  And there are a lot of things in this film. I will give you this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet walks into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to cross and that, inside, starts to describe.
Part of the light is fighting, it goes to the table, and we start to see these understanding.
Many of the photons finally get to the roof and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the reflection of the top of the bottle you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the relationships concentrate themselves.
Now, if we take a common and close bullet and make it go the same distance and look at it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit on to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about trying to try nature dead?
You can see the waves that are going on from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I think, from a female at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light goes from the tomato -- it's brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the right light inside its interior, and it comes back after several trillion billion.
In the future, when this female is in his mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is made without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so just get some light.
We send that bullet down, that photo package millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very scary synchrony -- we took those gigabytes of data and engaged them computers to create those photographers that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a super-male future would allow him to see after the right?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, rebuild, enter the room, a part of it is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left is our female.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we will rebuild light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communication.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works as well as a fast, our female, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look into the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in brother, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces -- and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going on around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build discussions able to see the inside of the body by dragging ordinaries, and the same for the circuits.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about the photographer as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So Dr. Edening, himself a scientist, became a scientist, became an art of streaming photography.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here it also happens a fun thing.
If you look at the waves below the roof, you get away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. And Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes comes up to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell cell can change your life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile cell phone, you can record a song to the Sola and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were in search of a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all of these people who are meeting that they protest in search of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the people have a cell phone here?
Let me get you.
Raise your cell phone, let them up.
Let me give you an Android. A Blackberry, wood."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile.
But today to talk about me, from my phone, and how life changed me.
I will talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Bridge.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Department of Death Residents.
This direction says that every European phone company, every European Internet company, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who, who sends him a text.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in its phone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the automatic in the digital age, and we don't want the phone to be in the Internet and the Internet providers.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out at the streets of Berlin and said, "Lean," not fear.
And some people even said this would be the States 2000.
The East was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Deck Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information that had about me.
I asked them once, and I asked them once, and I didn't get an concrete response. It was all blah blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a legal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
It would remove the demand and they send me the information that I was asking.
Meanwhile, the German Conservation Translation failed the incomplete for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly grand on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand costs of information lines of information.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scary, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retina means.
So, next to Keith Old and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco on train to colony, and how often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But of all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk about a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see this all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the East would have known who was involved in this protest, and, if the East had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in mind, neither is the fall of the Hero Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from ourselves as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the self-esteem and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for antibodies.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved in fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that you have to fight for the automatic in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDx what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDx what happens?
I call Mass Zack and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so it turns out all the time.
Look at it.
It's a huge scare. I'm like a Shanghai mix.
And Muhammad All.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not connecting can't be controlled.
No one was made by the uterus of my mother and I didn't hire it, because my parents were side siblings, although they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they've been desperate to be disabled.
We go from walk.
Species from Christmas are in the commercial center, driving in circles in search of parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disappeared?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C is just one of them.
There will be a collapse of the opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a pale, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Cliff, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same incentives.
I also love if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "Not You can."
My father's mantra was, "You can make it dance song."
If my three older sister cleaned, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents sued the school system and they made sure that I was also going on, and if we didn't take all the most maximum notes, we all got the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so I would pursue it.
The surprise that I carried inside was very strong and ...
Yes. The first day in the childhood garden walked like a bombing camp that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Homeward to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
Now, it seemed to be worried about a lot that died of hunger during the shame.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating -- so I'll pull out of the dawn to the street is very easy.
Barack taste in Bronx.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with targets, or I can walk with targets.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were used touchs, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Manse.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to heal me, so I drank closed milk -- I got hot cups on the back, and I remember on the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before you do yoga I was a standard of station that I couldn't stand up with a story of story.
And now I can hold in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all the bodies.
It was like the map of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their class.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called "Ballet very slow Baline in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral paralysis.
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis.
So I started screaming to the four winds, "I will have a role.
I have cerebral paradox.
The end of the first."
Thank God advantage, I am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Shark Brown, and they did it.
I went to increase running at the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask me why and she told me that because they believed it could not do the risk.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts I can't do the character."
It was a role that he literally had born and gave it to an actress without brain paradox.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated -- I went home, and my first active tour was like a terrifying on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be acceptable of "company to metric friend in a sanitation.
Instead, I stayed there as a short, I didn't see myself more than the nuclear, and it was obvious to me that report directors didn't hire fancy actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at World Golden, Roger Barren, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that he took when he fell in the account that I was at high speed by the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had cerebral parallel.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and non-power.
Some people say I'm the first monolite of the Arab world.
I never like to claim the first place, but I know you never heard that little disgusting buzz that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Angeles Air Command Festival in New York City, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the radio therapists in the media and at the same time remind the report directors that Suslimar and Arabic are not synonymous for.
Interestingly intersecting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like I invited the news program for cable news with Keith Solar.
I walked into a graduate dance, dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not come out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was flying.
At the end I had my opportunity and the disappeared -- I knew they wouldn't get invited me.
But not only Mr. Sundaneo came back to me, but it was like full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Sunday was that people on the Internet are scale.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never had to be proud of me or a child or more.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a bureaucratic object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why does it stick?
"Is it retreat?
And my favorite, poor terror terror.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear about it.
A commentary suggested even that I would add my disability to my curve, guards, comedy air parallel.
disability is as visual as race.
If somebody in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in the wheelchair.
Discussions are the -- yeah, clap man. Come on.
The disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most replace in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey travel has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flat by the dinner of the Telescopes Susan Lucifer and the Dalai Border Oliver.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandoli and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthews.
It took the world to get the Arab becomes crazy.
I was determined in the representation of the great state of New Jersey in the GDP of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massach, a beneficial organization to give children Palestinian refugee to a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
(Music in peace, Dad dad."
I call Mass Zack, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town in South America.
This town is near Mozambo.
The droughts drive into the poverty and the poverty edge on the edge.
No anything for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozambo, the Social capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no job, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozambo.
After maybe a year translated, nothing.
One day you have a gentleman that offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to determine.
It knows a dental group of people, who gives him a description.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, her family.
They present to a young woman.
You finally get home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozambo, under a blue sky, broke a car bomb.
That child from that little village with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the city in the city with it?
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing I took out of what we call "the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the margins, young urban young people who were describing riots in Johnson, they were decentralized in London, who seek something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the big dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment.
By 2030, three out of five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of the work period, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to the gang gang to the gang to be the history of cities.
And in my hometown of birth, Moladoralla, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't exactly do anything.
I went back to Moladorallan last month, and I went to visit the Madagan Hospital.
I remember being before that hospital highlighted to baskets thinking, "What if I would never have gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same waiting period of wait?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mozambo that month was actually to analyze some juvenile leaders in a corporate woman.
I met about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat and had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mozambo, graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because he was a graduate college college -- unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited by it.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozambo, the biggest obstacle to get from point to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the virtual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
Adam saw an opportunity and helped.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started rent motor to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is sometime to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It takes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for them.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Molador, a flower.
I was helping some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozamn has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you see free flowers for free?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Molad saw an opportunity.
It started a company of demographics and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozambon, and he began to grow users and listening, who said they could survive the hard climate of Mozambo.
And he started the delivery of flowers for weapons, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first PR public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozambo.
He wants to create a space where families are, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Molad presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identify business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, providing them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park -- this is how it calls it, when he's created, transform the way people see their city.
They were able to put kids from the street to help rent the street and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs -- they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace than buttons and waste periods."
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to me with my dad in the Lady Mountains -- an area arrest north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The celebrated forest.
The sun made the sheets glow like a vital, and not to be on the path that we followed -- almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We come to our camp.
It was a correspondence in a victim with view to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a baseball, from about four feet square with apple heads with aluminum police ball, and old passenger.
And I was sent, I was very angry, and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought out, who thought he was going to clean their barrier?
That question went with me, and it was just a little bit simple.
Who clean our base?
No matter how they organize or where they put the outcome of us, who clean our trash in America?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health cleaners our trash -- in fact, 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like to take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and installation in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
He needed to get closer to me.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I would drive.
And he operated the mechanical excess and broke the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predator as you think, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies kept pushing into the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Laboratorium statistics, the waste collection is one of the top 10 machines in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and moving around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangerous dangers that often fall away from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implantable of garbage.
When you go out of the conference and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste collections are the most important workforce in the streets of town, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective way every day, this starts to get rid of their container and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old stuff, we don't have space for what the economics of economics start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average daily speed speed.
With it, I mean just at the speed of the speed we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup and our bag of the sea, our water bottle.
We use them, we touch them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost light.
They're on the street every day, remotely.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that they maintain is left by ourselves, from our own waste, our desks, and that flow always needs to stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a restaurant collection on the street, grabbed my little son and lowered the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycled track as he did all the miles.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just seen, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that I started researching the waste collection and came back to see that man.
It's called Paula, we work together and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account every cost, even the very real human cost of the labor.
Manifestory waste -- what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as a example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives are becoming an essential part of the ultimate architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out correcting."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to responsible.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because it generates heat collapse inside the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling up.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to be such a rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really compared to the old market that is this structure to free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by injecting the site, which is located in an area of a lot of city growth, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, running all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an unfinished author that creates an air space in the building that is self-assembled, by its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I was thinking about a tissue similar to a perspective of anti-dads to allow the air entrance and also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian seats.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little predictable pieces that are the windows that let air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is complicated with these little crystals of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it didn't really turn out to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this market idea turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also, the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it didn't need to have any air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy attractiveness for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels, we thought about the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parents on the roof, which is in set collecting water for the heads inside.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets of the streets, creating 12 similar burial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Barton.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors that are interconnected with straight lines, and this modifying the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell cell, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we added a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with papers, and then on the bottom plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians in it.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in higher levels and lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrieving the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and solve and make activities such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies to the same rate that buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and environment, and that have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had a very bright amount of hair and a little list of leaphies, cute. It was super strong for state capitals -- very good for orbit.
I ended that year, and I was full of chestly, until I brought my single signal plans.
I spent a time after the school exit of school. It was a little late and hiding me in the girls.
When the cost was stressed, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher's table.
And then I did.
Alternative the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All the way.  And I got back to the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a fragile, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them from D and myself a line of A's, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I didn't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that it was all decentralized obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I apologize to the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for organism.
I am intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so pennies.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also the primates are also very property.
We know that cells are the number one cause of geometric murder in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
That's why you have to go to fiction because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no clothes, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no infinity here, no inflation."
There would be no celestial king or "The thousand and a night?
There would be no Shakespeare.
They were going to disappear the list of reading lessons from high school, because we would be losing "The Nobel and Furuits," there would be no Gamps or "Philanthropy -- we would lose "Me Moroponity: "And "And "And "And King Kyness."
No classroom, there's no Property. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the rut, it almost has all of them.
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece, "In search of lost time, the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also of ordinary competition, mine -- everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the sensitive details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a manufacturer manufacturer in a washing machine.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how much it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia World said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how cat shortage, but suppose it's supernovae.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the skies and Progress.
Is it going to be very obvious as the skies that are reduced to the person, their desire, to their implements, are a good solid" base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the time of narratives and audience, we know exactly what the details include to raise the knife, right?
The skies make all of these amateur novels, and that's something that I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could pleasure another, maybe right now."
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Sandhi detects in his lover -- adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sandoli and Proust were nonverbally cell.
You know, Prousing boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so happy to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are spiders.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The skies are born from information.
The skies use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little stem of pencils ...
The skies are nutrient from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  I try to link the language well with the climate class.
When Swarmness is in his chest agony -- suddenly listening behind the gates and bribe the searches of his lover and then defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is restored, but it's not different from an ancient text or looking at a monology."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
And it's trying to demonstrate that the cells look intelligent and make us seem absurd, but in their memory, they are search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what I try to get, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation -- the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Progress.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to make a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the skies reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open that particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Is some other emotion that teaches us to look at intensity so perfect?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman was dependent.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under no cause.
But he was looking for things that her wife did, without realizing involved behavior.
Do you smile too much, or do you have a man in a race with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the curiosity of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the skies lead us to do violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in totally interconnected ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
One woman from Michael from 52 years old, he was captured by creating a fake account on Facebook since he was sent messages video, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former girlfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration as well.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous even interesting, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrick Himalayas.
Himaloni is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Streets in a Triple: and "The Taliban Mr. Rife: books that try and how the jealousy, they confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what could be, can be drilled in a second.
Let's take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Rife is going to go or want what you have to be aware of your own and how you ever had it, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, you take your rings, you carry your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Richard.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a shame, because we live in the times.
We live in tissues of cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the currency is investment? Right?
The novels show us the way? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they are in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 2014 from Baker Street and ask Selling Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the curse.
But I've always preferent "The Institute Lesterland, the head of rat from South South South South South South Hollywood who needs Hollywood the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Seed needs its help, but it requires it, and it makes it bad at each of the mysteries in each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and then finally in "The Airplane of the Six Nationals: once Hollywood comes in, he killed all of them with his solution, Learning back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cleaners, Mr. Hollences.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in South Same who wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood translated Hollywood in history. I find this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the skies as a geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Sergier is allowed to admire that idea of being he the resident.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are actually a subject of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can line up with it.
But I like connectivity plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
It's just the science of the childhoods.
The fiction used to be the dominants, I invite you to the table.
And look at what highly agriculture: the Charles Lesterland, the terrifying Taraman Rife, the Samusa Sandoli, the same Mark Prop.
We are in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alaska jumped outside the moon of Apollo 11, and he described on the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Alaska were alone, but their presence in the surface surface was the culmination of a compelling collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars from today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People, including the anthropologist of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
And it was made on the surface of the surface, which Albert after the death of Armstrong the past year, is now the oldest one.
So, why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of it, 180 pounds of old rocks -- and something that the 24 infects later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets -- that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why is the Moon?
Why will it turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the most high mountain of the high?
35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic?
Why play Rice against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Prototype: For the contemporary one, Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the one that was going to be wonderful to the transcending of the power of technology.
They were because it was great power to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological traumatic.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, police was eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be what Alvin Told in 1970 called accelerating force."
For most of the history of mankind, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the area of Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human will have come back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the complete 10, and the optimism joy of the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that we imagine that technology would solve as Mars to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 despair.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V rocket.
I knew clearly that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distracted us and they had enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social media, or algorithms that accelerate the automated selling sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, that trust that you have created less ambitious companies than the years of the Internet, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete -- incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the investment of risk caused the creation of ideas to be changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their crazy point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments that they could go in 10 years.
The CD has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term, has never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we will.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomechanics. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomechanics.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties are going to incentivize the development of alternative energy -- mainly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treatment that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological, it will not be.
We know from time that famine is result of the failure in the food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect catching food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for the storage and the food support, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant cancer, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatment.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present, political leaders and populations should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must really treat a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- it actually makes those critics.
But it's a religious model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no soft competition like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kenya who has hard how hard and dangerous, and there is not a popular science of science science like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start cutting down the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become color of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a reconnection, there has been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task," we should recover trust.
I think the reconciliation, the goal and the task have been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a reconcept, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a clear idea about the subject.
First of all, the reconnection, why do people think that trust has died?
And if I think about it about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I bow to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and could have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can turn into the polls of opinion and opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion surveys over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago, they still remain quite reliable. judges.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway in the road.
But is this enough?
What opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Does it trust politicians, trust the teachers.
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the green?
Conferences in fishermen?
Conference in primate teachers.
You would probably start to ask, to do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some of them, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to diffuse trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a certain kind of agency, working or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any ways to drive the school class.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differences, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to obvious the good judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what happens to the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would expect.
I would mean to have more confidence in what is deserve to trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a fan of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were holding their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madaga, who then disappeared with them, I think, and I think, well, yes, they were too trust.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
So that was deployment or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible. We could not trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends to be competitive and responsible but extremely disappeared.
If it looks like this, I haven't locked myself yet.
But that's what we're looking for? Consciousness before trust.
The trust is the answer.
Consciousness is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build account accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than I will attend to the part of it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And evidence evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, demand that they make the chairs, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of it, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more conscious, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and transmit the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's judgment -- the simple actions, the attitudes -- it doesn't make properly.
Third, task.
It's going to call the task rebuild trust, put things backwards.
suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough foundation so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't be agreed, usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to bring random evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, it makes common people, officials work, institutions very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can get them out without giving any explanation.
I take you and get me back to the money, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. trust them because they were vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable before the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end of the end, I think what we're pointing out is not really hard to discuss.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we have come to strive to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that goes in the digital space, so that when the strong opposite against the screen transforms its physical body to plans.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool that the barriers broke out.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Apple Science Actual Science Scottish, along with my mentor Paul Bonohour, I took the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work.
By combining an transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect fingers and face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a real location in real space, select them as easy as to grab a book of a stage.
You can overcome the book and return lines or words with the virtual sensor of the virtual screen in the bottom of every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and turn things out on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an Internet virtual test.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translation when the system understands your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical as a way that we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Israeli and my collaborator River Post, we created this only physical pixel plan.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer and users can move the object to any place within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we reframe gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation -- mechanical activity and detector.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and come back and are forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets, the physics, and unlike the monitor or textbooks, this is a real, palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly on ourselves as part of the physical world around us without that we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We start talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a guy for two years in Hans, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all of the paid spending.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a critical path to happiness, a safe and fine job.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer, though.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the accessibility, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I used to write the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult took the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
Terror, that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another break.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I took the books.
(Music "The Story States East School -- "The Hungarian History Here in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese wildlife life.
And it's not conventional propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reveal, "Hey father and your mother."
"Honey," I said, "It's so different, and much better than operating.
So it became my tool to come out of this confusing command and to reimagine the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit.
It makes a lot of perspective.
For example, at first this map of this map seemed to be a place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never been happened, that China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers to the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people "Barney Francisco, from Walter Islamic "Jandillator Adam Adam Adam Adam Advantage who were involved in a same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For Crisin, temptation is economic, policies and spiritual ones.
For Buddha, they're all psychologists: lust, fear and the social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Russian truth trade Thomas Mermad, The Water Earth walk Alan Watsons: Instead of losing in translation.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means fast "plant? Jay."
And "November in Chinese, literally means "no Mother House."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I will not feel only or powerless ever.
Having a distributed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a distributed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always get them around.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology clients.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley psychology.
She was a 27-year-old woman named Alexander.
Alex came into the first session using jeans and a high stunt, and he threw on the couch of my office taken the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so happy.
My class company had a bit of a circle as a kid.
And I took a shame that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I was easy to just move the head while we went back the solution.
"The tribes are the new very very news things: I said Alex and so I saw, she was right.
You start to work afterwards, you start to work later, you have children later, to death goes on.
For you and I had a little bit of a sheep.
But shortly after, my supermarket introduced me to press Alex to talk about her loving life.
I was shocked.
I said, "Oh, of course, it's coming up with guys under your category, and you come up with a hollow head, but it's not like you're going to marry him."
And then my squad said, "It's still not, but maybe it marry the next one.
Also, the best moment to work on the Alex marriage is before it gets called it."
This is what psychologists call a "Time time."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used from, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign business was a real problem, and it had real consequences -- not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, families and the future venes everywhere.
There are 50 million people in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one gets to adults without going before by the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vessels here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with vegetables, you love a vegetable, you remove the dream a come -- I want to see. It's fine.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Ah, which shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so much.
People from over 40 don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stages of growth in its 20s and repeat for adults, which means that if there's something that wants to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time of life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28, and things become complicated at 35 of them.
The 20 are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the child's development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has a crazy impact in the person that will become converted in.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the aliens are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adult time.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
Just journalists have ridicule names to the vessels like "Ties and "centimeters?
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you a little girl in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
He stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it has absolutely nothing.
And then every day, you get smart, interesting people like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like, "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are going to finish and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better reduction the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20 were like chairs.
They all run and fun, but then sometime around 30, it turned out the music and they all began to sit out.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there is a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of us starting a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much smaller time.
A lot of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that starts to show that it's much more difficult and strange to do everything in the 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
And realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of transitions and courses see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the aliens are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma Small.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or interview, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mass.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He would often cry in our session, but then she lifted herself up to say, "One don't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new direction for directions, and he had gone all the morning by filling it with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In the case of emergency -- please call it ...
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an automatic accident?
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a shop that would actually worry.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to sit just while the "decisive decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all comes, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I said to Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and get capital.
For capital capital, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- capital capital generates identity of identity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that intervention, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not dropping out of the reverse exploration, I'm leaving the exploration that I should not tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's profound.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the vessels that join with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak anthropologists from their friends.
Yes, half of the aliens have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vessel, Emma soon choosing his family, when he has a partner and it forms his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or you are right now, when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you can choose to you.
So what happened to Emmanuel?
Well, we checked that director and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a job there.
That offer of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived in.
Now, five years later, it's special environmental organization in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously chosen.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I got a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with very window.
It's very easy to help you.
Ventures are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the despair, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji in Fish.
In the same way, at the age of 21, to 25 and even 25, a good conversation, a good conservation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the vessels you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex what I learned.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling you about the Emmanuel of Emmanuelle every day: The train is not the new 20 -- the tribes are not the new 20, they take care of their identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in management consumer for a work that was even more excited: doctor.
I went to teach mathematical students in the public schools in New York City.
And like any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What was called me the C. I was not the only difference between my best and worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance didn't have a Church of Star Star.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are hard, proportions, democracy, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of doctor, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
Is the C. but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the West military Academy.
We tried to predict what qualities would stay in the military training and who would be retracted.
We went to the National Commission of December, and we tried to predict what kids would move on as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those of them, who will be the most effective in improving the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job both?
and who's going to make more money?
In all those very different context, a characteristic came up as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Department is passion and perseverance.
Decentralization is to have resistance.
Department is to hang into its future, day after day, not just a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Department is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaire and then wait around a year to see who graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate odds, even when I managed them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even security that kids felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in the West Point or at the National Commission of Detertime in which it matters determination. It's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long plane?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you detail.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that simply don't continue to go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the dead determination is not related or even related to talent measure.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mental.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol December, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Decentral has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop deforestation.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to fail, to start all again with learning lessons again.
In other words, we need to be determined to make our children more deeply.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a pastructure, one of my most trained memories is my mother showing me the beauty, shape and figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigners it seems to be as improvised as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can stop this wall, so that whoever I want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the arrangements of each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than make it a faster and simple way.
An Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 percent of the basic literature will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read trial signals, restaurants of restaurants to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in a fragile way, "The "The March -- I am wired -- this symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a continent in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to follow.
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch your arms, this person is saying, "It was like that."
The person inside the mouth, the person is attached.
It's a prison, such as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the movies.
Put a mouth on the tree -- that's an indicator."  Easy to remember, because a park is pretty identical.
Remember the fire.
Two fire fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous players.
Three together, those are the stands.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It will move.
A door. You put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, digging up, encouraging.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
When you use this method, the first eight radical.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the birth sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin we create Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked on one another.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese experts were destroying their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a sale.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and lower from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glass, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variety.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of childhood fantasy.
However, Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took place for a number of years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dress as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Olympic magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think that if the Oz magician did today, the magician would say, "Doron, you are the Oslam of Oz as it was predicting it.
They use magic shoes to defeat the army generated by the marketing computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even viruses are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of survival had fallen down.  So he was sliding in the room and he was impressed as a mom taken with his legs behind his back, and I didn't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what a period was.
Would you be value issues, personality and metal?
Would it have the sense that Luke is an army to delegate the government?
We compare this to the March of Oz in 1939.
How do you win.
Making good friends with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much Cape capital force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow brick strings?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that the princess Leader didn't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are mixerious.  I think at the time of the first kiss -- I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they, boys, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herman and Katskinders, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends or a man and their son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend it to all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it was Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film from a primate.
It's very good. Don't let them stop it."
Well, almost none of these films happens to Beethoven test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and it's proposed, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alan Beer is a comic architecture, and in the middle '80s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the evaluation of films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done, in the movie, more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Do these women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more than the guy who likes it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argue.
Right? Or Russian Russians, peanut success, a consensus idea of what a quality Hollywood movie is.
It doesn't happen in the Beerie test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the retires of the retirement.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the top 100 films, how many of them believe they have female protests?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a larger number than this one that is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women said it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the kids for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music or pornography videos are closely linked -- but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual agriculture.
Who are those kinds of things? What are those lives?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our ability to be able to spin power, and we hope that it helps. But I have to ask myself, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect them if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of malaria is changing radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of home and all of the way.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of "Star Wars was a favorite character of Stanford Wars."
Obacole.
Opera Kenya and Glass.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright view.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I say to my child, "Go and fight only and more stories where you see that his work is to join a team -- maybe a team led by women, helping other people better to improve and be better people, like Olympic magician as the Olive.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I loved most of all, I was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying egg, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles away from the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrastructure.
This is a place that is located in the eastern coast of Egypt called Bernard.
And the place, at the very simple view, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant rose.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we have used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Ivan was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fast, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Ivan was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them, put inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous algae plant.
This area is enormous. It's about six times 4,000 miles.
Before, the King flow right next to Italy and as it changed over time, he turned into the east, and he covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city that was held in a extreme landscape?
So trying to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a parallel, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using it.
So we use NASA software data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile was.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs. You can see it here.
When I say a show, it's like the tax sample, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation skills.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of slime.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also found jobs of prediction, coral, card and cat -- what it shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem to be not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that the Middle Empire data in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what I've been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Italy here, but let's go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
So sharing knowledge is most of the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So it seems like TED was not founded in 1984 D. C.
They made ideas happen really started in 1984 to C. C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high time.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now visualizing a group of obese numbers in bicycle.
They're competing in a Buddhist career career and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're perceived strong, they're sweating, they're going out a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places. They pass the threshold threshold.
The lobby, to the pass, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light, the light shine on the Galapagos.
You're helping them with your hand.
From your chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse I talk about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them collapse in your nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell that you're about to go into the mouth.
They go on one side and enter their living room.
So in the room, and doing maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing Hitz One More Time Morezu.
Now let me tell you the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, and from the oven, you come to Dorad, the Moore of Hollywood, the Spreads and the lion of "The Magicle March, grab your hands, jump out to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Member of memories.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few different ladies from different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
The names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
You memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of the order of a band of babies.
And I thought, "This is amazing."
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coca who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memory.
I asked him, "Do you realize you were a knowledge?
Ed said, "I am not a wise sandwich.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved in this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained ourselves to perform these miracles of memory using some ancient techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that were using Capitol to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed Edi, who is a wonderful and brilliant English who was a little bit excellent, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know British Swedish?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Swedish how to memorize order in a live baby barrier, on national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Swedish, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something isn't it?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's a commercial, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see what extent our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peace. He was based on the role of Duke Holocaust in the movie "Ray Man."
We took a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone guards -- was central.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having a trained memory, disciplined and grown wasn't one thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say they've changed us as well.
As we already don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and grown is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so silicon, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the College College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
You wanted to know -- will it be that you have brains in some way, structural or anti-forced different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually no.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory camps and the one of the control subjects that compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scanned their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow copies -- found that in the memory champions they gave up parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used themselves, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is run as a armed career where someone comes up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be putting a day.
This is my friend Ben Primon, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 blood blades that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only helpfulned.
He used a similar technique to memorize the accurate order of 144,000 random binary digits.
In half an hour. Yes.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call the clock collaboration.
It's illustrated with a paradox known like the Barrier paradox. (Basically says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word. I say to you -- remember, there's a man named Baker."
That's his layer.
And then I ask them, remember there's a bank [attacker?
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word that I told you a reason?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is barbage."
The same word, different age capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, Barack name.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word backeter. We know landscapes.
They use symptoms white sharks.
They have hardware in their hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we start putting a partnership in order to make them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is 2,000 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as the member of memory.
The story says this: There was a poet called Simissi who assisted a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a Darwan, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he got married, and so soon he was the room of the bank collapsed.
So killing them all.
But not just killed them to all of them, but it destroys the bodies by leaving them.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting there.
And so you wouldn't be able to bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similar, standing outside, only over the middle of the rubble in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting in each invitation.
I took the family families by bringing them to where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What apes at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively -- and it is no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions of words for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask me to give you the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Simon, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse standing in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the planning of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and press it with images with the things that you want to remember. The more crazy and farming, funny, scarce and striking is the image, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin,
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it a memory, the same way you would have made it Capitol if you invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unique image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Mandela Monterey mounted on mysterious Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see British Swedish to remind you that funny anecdote you want to tell.
And then they entered the kitchen, and the fourth thing you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact, the term therapy comes from the Greek "The "The Grandma meaning "place."
It's a resident of when people thought about the orbit and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase "I first would be like the first place in your memory room.
I saw that this was just fascinating and I got out of it in that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something enormous about this complete memorial submittralization.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a perfectly boring event.
But seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on tests. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massively massive.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in his place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school side bought in a pile of puzzle.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was an interview, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cameras, completely, insulin, and in the eye of the mind.
I got pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of electrodes and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve from good energy for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it is not necessary to build memory plants or memorize bars of babyboth, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of it is not walking out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things make memories.
And if there is something I want to leave you today, it's what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing the Ballets or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side, will be so hostile that we don't even bother being precise in processing?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person you remember remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will take just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from North Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Living, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a battle that I gave to the living room.
And there they all spend the reason looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me, and every time I got shot and I was wrapped into a towel.
And I was like this.
It was a correspondence, it was insect, and I hated it.
He hated that walk, hated that balcony. hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not about the division of area, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency --  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize about.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what evolved them -- they think of power, "string," and democracy."
And I know that you think about it as well as based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a trigger that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these statistical soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building stuff is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build the urbanism and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Civil Public Bible that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, he's got a dome. It has this round thing, columns -- red shark, that let me interview what Living tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, he ended up another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called library, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the principle of the puzzle.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We drive, we push and we push so much, that we completely get away from people.
All of the black, this is depressed. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like transportation, so we start to experience again, we make the plan to go back forward, over and over again, and we've done that over the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called bright."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows on a democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up with the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the plan back into the other direction.
We take those ways we know they like and we update them.
We added snow and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give up.
We take Chinese weapons and turn them into skyscrapers that can be meat castle made from glass.
The shapes were advanced, they won in audacity and color.
The ancestors became columns.
The numbers grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to medicine, to French or Italian people.
Probably with a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what happens with profiling.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tasmania.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated, and we start making the plan accurate again in the other direction.
In the 1980s, in the early '80s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy.
We break the historical symbols, we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find new composition, some ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and emerging, and it's super popular. You are totally exploited.
Normally, the plan will be able to get into the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gillian Guiltre of Billety, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldilo said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academic and public in general, were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times called this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Finenger.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical. How is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was greatered around them, and we quickly learned that these shapes mean culture and tourism meant.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of early beginning in the new world happened with other star architects.
I went to Zaha and Syrian and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of it, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation will accelerate, they can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerated -- you can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all articles of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The bright wasn't a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants, steel or the search, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the permanent to media, it starts to get more and faster and faster and faster until we get in both extremes and the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called PianoS in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and because the drawings looked exactly like the product finished, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people started to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, these are the images that you made out of the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think of architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Lives library.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's management.
Musical people can take the Livestock mayor to the people in Living, and tell them that there is no single answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings and one is no longer known public that doesn't accept anything I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the key plan from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Syria can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because eventually we will be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are moving into the gaps of nature and not in reverse.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream out with birth at the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, no longer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pink pavilion of renewable, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to be seen.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
Find an architect -- they find it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give shape to the smallest spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, taking up, as if their body was moving too quickly for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection here.
He gets laughing and head, and it gives themselves those big little kisses and healthy.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when stop doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to taste with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fine?
This is Fath, it's 13 years old and lives in Dennia.
And like any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and find.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, although his mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells and what his friends or his friends of school said, he doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video out of it, publishes it in YouTube, and I ask others to please leave a comment comment, "Am I nice or am I fine?
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant that I don't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal teenager, which receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what is it doing to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They are under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, chatting going, saying, "I like it, by saying, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that come from hand with that are implantable.
This environment, of being always connected, is pushing our children to self-esteem in the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the scariest thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are filled with the news of girls now.
Street models continue to dominate our pastrorates.
The tech technique is now a routine now.
And trending like: "This is the stage, Shark, Biology and table.
For those who know it, it means propaganda.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young young people.
But kids aren't immune to this.
It's like the super-male stars of sports and red singers as well.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed with the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributed to society and labor development camp.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, and they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the exam season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a little note less than the average of your peers who don't care about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it is regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, in order to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is defining academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Teenage advertisers make less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all of this for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and satisfying damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of advanced.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Liberal this potential is from interest to each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is we need to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that our children are following our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parts for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental -- but face this problem requires each of us to take the oceans in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the address of our politicians on hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to urge the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you were kissing a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities as governments and as companies and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up by valuing their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion ...
We need to put people who are actually making the difference in a peace.
To make a difference in the real world, let's get them to be the ones that come out in the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they can never be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who has in mind?
To your wife.
Your sister.
Your daughter.
Your supermarket? A friend?
Could it just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was released from that car voice inside its interior, that she managed to have long legs, most thin legs, a more flat airplane -- smaller feet for?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say, "regulated the potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is bringing us together.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach us that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little streets of a year of today, they become an agent of safe change agents tomorrow.
So let's do it.
On November five of November 1990, a gentleman named Same Noward Nanch entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Martin Kahamara, the leader of the League of Defense Line.
And Normall Indian had initially declared it, but being pressure for other least cardiologists in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels and synapselas and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant for us.
Sadly, the 1918 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
I would later be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Sandoli Norman is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two did all possible to give me a happy girl.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few, including most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are so often strengthed to their convictions that think that we have to use every possible media so they can all live like them.
A few months before the arrest he felt with me and explained that over the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to the short track training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carter of the Sarah that without knowing our group, was violating by the FBI.
When I got to throw out, my father helped me to hold the reflection in the shoulder, and explained how to aim the goal to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet I gave to the little orange light on the goal and, for surprise of all, especially me, all the whole goal in flames.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, he said, "I'm absolutely boring."
From such father, such a son.
And all of them, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a range of company with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "mammal: which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone was time of packing and going to another city.
As I was always my face new face of the class with frequency was mathematician victims.
I was secret secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and record, was enough communication.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
So for these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it supporting subjectively, to grow up under famous, was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a previous program that I participated in the juvenile National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a mathematician victim almost all my life, and it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various procedures.
One day, at the end of the conversation, I found that one of the kids who had done friendship, was Jews.
It took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was a linking was.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures. That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All the life had been taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all of the homosexual things were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is being humanitarian, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then it came the Dalai Shark."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intriguity, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a moment where I was desperately needed it.
In fact, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedy had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely extremely wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would consider in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough dogmaker and said, "I am tired of hatring."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy needs to keep all that hate inside your inside.
My real name is not Zack Eastern.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody else, one day, who you are trying to take to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, which although I was convinced to this violent and intelligent ideology, I didn't get a lot of fun.
In contrast, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prevalence.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talk, against those meaningless acts, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple I'm going to have a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in your mind.
It's an incredible multi-touch movie.
It's at 3D, and it has a subtle sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a load, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger your planner.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a super-male voice in your conscious thought.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all on the end.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie of it, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know that I have a consciousness itself.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of us, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experiencing the inner movie movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective for nature.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
Then there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost every 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Perager said, "Now it's time for science to access consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work of consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints until the moment.
The center of consciousness of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense of neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why is it what every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why does a subjective inner movie exist?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the embryos, like humiliation, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical estimates are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embryos operate -- how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomena, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergency, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a health scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the emergence that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stuck at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of wonderful explanations, and we get used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
Moreover, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, it's kind of a sort of angle, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dengue, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reducing consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I go, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental slides: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not involved in terms of anything else.
On the contrary, they are considered fundamental, and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is shut up.
In the 19th century, Macky found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, laws of Newtonians. And then you put the basic power laws of electricity, and you put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws governance.
I think that's the situation where we find consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, card, so for logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to boost consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can fit them on a red.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can fit them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pagment, "Pauth for all, "Psychologist per mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dog, the mouths, the flies, even the Robert Kingdom microbes -- the elementary particles.
Even a photo has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photo can be full of angiogenesis when you think, "Oh, I always travel at the speed of light.
I can never deliver and smell the rose."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling -- subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think that crazy thing?
So part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems island, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more than a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is to link awareness with information.
There are always information processing -- there's consciousness.
Complex information, as a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Hong, took this kind of theory and developed it reasonably with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called piano, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information integration, a high stage, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration in a mouse of information, which is quite significant.
But when you get to the lawn, microbes microbes, particles, the grain of the film decides.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the Tony theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness of zero.
In fact, I propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of fish, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that page can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained -- "Where does the equation of equations come from?
From the prehistoric view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as kind of an additive species.
It's there in the center.
This vision is, I think, personal vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have quite serious social consequences.
Some can be inflational.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetable.
If you're a president and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think I think about it well, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact about consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samuel artificial intelligence system in the movie "Hey?
Is that conscious?
According to the view of psychic information, she has a complicated information processing so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get quite serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of themselves.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collective collections, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk, at this point we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group -- different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this personal view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second thing is universal.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how these thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally get it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I took my friends, I struggled with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a little profile on my mother's pile, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "Budge the Valley Salaman: "Don't Doctor Creek."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of the legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech" your speech?
And I said, "What does the discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the law of differences for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspirational things in school?
Usually in the action room.
And that was when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not the fault of the guy, that is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair and probably you're waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you strategically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, we've sold us the lie that disability is something Ballet, at male, Michael Massa.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You might have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is investigated."
Or this one: "Before I leave, it's interviewed."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you've seen one, from the girl without drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with loadence fiber of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately popular, because they engage a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we choose the disability of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for a very bad thing to be my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that I've been dealing with strangers wanting to express that you think I am a brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get myself in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is cook.
These images, those images are consistent to people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
So we go through some things.
But the things that we overcome is not the things that you can think.
It's not relative to our bodies.
I use the term people disabled -- deliberately because I apologize to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close to him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as you do it, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to take them in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're an inspiration source -- it says it as a community.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us extraordinary.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here for inspirational inspiration and you think, "Oh God, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a few pieces of barbecue to collect the things that are shut to me.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that except and costly.
I really believe that that lie that we've sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a staircase show has never done it into a branch.
Never.   Sustainable before a television screen won't make the substances for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and introducing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the broad.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Boruse Salaman: You don't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in the high school of Melbourne is not a little surprised that its new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
The disability doesn't make us exciting, but question what you think you know about what you do do it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a solid song?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't get disappeared.
When people think of augmented reality, they think of Ministan Republic: and Tom Craig winds hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality is increasing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I take position: the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, they're a device that lets them see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 150 pounds man persuases us, trying to tell us with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Global Glass is using under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images from the NPR practice, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kullery: Let's go.
It's horrible to be a balloon.
A moment. Let's take a little bit of it.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Kullerwood," as you can see, is a probability of what is being made in the football field, from the perspective.
You may have realized that missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from Washington University.
Audience Marines: CAPTCHA 54."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kullery: This is a little bit more likely to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and have asked me on YouTube and Twitter and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field market.
Out of a river?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Gold and Google Glass, how do we get out of full, how do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called October Rethital, which probably many of you know.
The Root Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap pigeon.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, taking his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we manage a Vador Peter video crossing the line, getting rid of a charge with your arm before you run and make a novel? What will be a fan experience.
When it can be Medishabach running through the corner, throwing the bullet into the bottom of the net, or Ferrish making a sauce in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when it descended from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic scare?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Royal.
How do we achieve augmented reality, OK?
We will achieve the augmented reality when the coaches and the monorits and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives them money.
So, here's a brief leap on the technology at the NPA.
In 1965, the Balleck Porters put a woman to their field marketing so that they would play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA put radio radio races in the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you are a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you take point. You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose party you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just an improved strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the cannon sensors and the accelerometer.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information area.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovery, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
It will be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
So what would it be in the field?
Imagine it's the field market.
You get the bullet and back.
You look for an open receptor. Suddenly a phone on the left side of your bombsight prevents you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, and you wouldn't see it -- but the Ray system keeps you.
You move into the protective area.
Another phone will warn you that there is an open receptor.
They launch the bullet -- but they would get down.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, yet the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
You zoom in, you catch the bullet and run and notice.
The public applied and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show somebody how it is, literally, being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lines.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much does this technology do for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much does this technology do for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being persuaded?
How much does it do also for a Health Commandment or a Greek Derica Ben trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Kardinarda?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depends on it, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the Harvey pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years of those 23 years of the southern end of the Marine County, which includes the Golden Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, mostly known by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspired architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Street, I engineer chief engineers to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is virtually at suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is no practice or probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been influenced as such as such that each one of it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that happens under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bone, some of which are perfectly permission organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't usually get bandwidth in the helpless water, and then they dome.
I don't think that the ones who are contemplating this method of suicide are realized the death of death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel at the bridge.
This is where most people are before to take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official contemplating her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who get the suicide but the officers too.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychological officials train new officials to train.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when he received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I watched Jason talking to an office of the Golden Gate bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zeal created Paulo, and sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "Never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Paulo, and she opened the box.
He came plants, penetrations, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason said, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
You stopped some instantagies, it leaned on the right, and it was.
This big and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken his life.
I talked to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had asked it.
So the collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out of submission?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, we don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't discuss it, cut, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody's suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Do you have a number of people in similar circumstances that have thought about finishing their life -- have you had these thoughts?
Confusing the person in front can save their life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her card.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with her permission and blessed that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go at the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty unhappy, but noticing more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the Party 49 with his father on January 19.
It never got there.
He called Peter police and repeated it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jumping from the bridge at 150 out of the day of the day.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be just too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before without suffering a true mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The LHC -- the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Vicking."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the path that his son took that day, and also the courage to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible subject on the side of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I watched this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I immediately crash her bar and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
And during the next day, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, it was happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you go back and give hope and life opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "It listened to me.
You let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Mr. Brits, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin goes with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was called help by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unaware of all those heart traits -- but thanks to God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
So honestly, with you, New Bernard Bergydria."
And at the end she wrote, "Discover, when I visited the General Francisco of San Francisco that night, you would figure out as the patient.
"I know I had to solve.
Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and its depression with the hope that its story will inspire others.
Sustainability is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of your own pain, I stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide.
For most people who are suicide for most people, or those who consider suicide.
They just want their own pain over.
Usually this is just about three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and supermarket calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I broke my hand in three times.
On the final plane, I looked at me, and he said, Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Sure, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we come to contact on that bridge are not super-male.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second people who were leaving the gang realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be striving for doing.
Sustainability can be prevented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you are, but in your inner you know what you are, and one question makes you make you, how do you become a that?"
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer later when I look at this picture I think, I did it George, you got it Generally, you get it.
But last October, I found that I was just starting up.
All of us are missing our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage of release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this engineering is called revealing.
This is mine.
I was registered as a "God at birth because of the appearance of my genital generous.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to embarrasse.
The gender has always considered a immune fact, but now we know that it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every single day is a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu god, son of the kids.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these puzzles.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15, when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a translation of transparent beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consciousness?
He told me that if she was participating she was going to get away from the insects and the costumes -- and that night, he won in bathroom suit, won in a golf suit, and then third end of it between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the beauty world.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the god of the disasters, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my solution of the green card that I could go to the United States.
I was shocked.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful bad basket."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two "and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious and sophisticated surgery surgery.
In the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name George and the "Fascinary of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power or power to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears looked mixtured.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in the American Momsaid West.
A young woman in New York who was brave lived his truth, but that desperate, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we do a global violence by the Command Command of the Transaction.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who have to fight and stand up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day no longer there are no more violence from November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my blessing benefits.
My support network, my parents especially to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been trying to get young people out, who I have heard, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I took my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other no. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a band at birth, and what I try to do is to put the table on the table that some times that salary is not stream, and there should be a space that allows people to self-assembled -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transfer movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. YR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi began his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were drowned in 2011, when he ran her efforts in 2011, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when a child, their birth is not celebrated by it.
It's not welcome -- not for his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes up to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed to have a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it comes up, and with the hope of a child, when he lit his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only does mother suffer -- but the daughter. The daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school admitted to her brothers and school.
Until age 12 years old, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it turns 13 years, it is ready to come out of his house without a male attack.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father's honor and his brothers and his family and his family, and if it transforms the code of that honor assumptions, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumptions of honor code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother sacred the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a normal norm of patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
A good girl has to be very quiet, very humble and very substantial.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be helpful of disappearatory.
If you take it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, you will call it disappearator.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet -- "The marriage, they love it, and then give birth to more children and daughters to light.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to her daughter and the same honor lesson to her children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues to continue.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Mall was born Mall, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt absolutely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought in his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary legacy of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Magazine, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Achievement."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I admired her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl admiring in a school?"
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school it means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An admiration to school means that it's entered the world of the dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I got the Canadian visitor form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the landscapes of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters and her daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sacrifice of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged her to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to include them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I taught my daughters, taught students, forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called healthy.
And dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It was called the transformation.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls are banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the granddaughters and the killed.
They suffer millions, but they were talking about -- and it was terrifying to have all those people who kill and harvest when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Mall got up and stood up on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered himself for the New York Times documentaries and talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of 2012, they were shot in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was developing between life and death, he whispered my ear to my wife -- "Should I blame my daughter from what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And he interpreted he said, "Please don't blame me.
The cause is the right cause.
They put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protect it."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Mall was in the hospital and he had severe painful pains and strong head pains because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread out the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my stream arrange and with the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get good. Please don't worry.
It was a consultant for us, and it consisted us.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I am pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women -- it's like any 16 year-old girl.
It cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawi so brave and expressive and equation?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated in the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Moorean group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge -- the Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you join a brain surgery.
Are you still smart or not?
Is it going to be like that, can you be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to continue with life.
More than one time I've been saved by time.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the analog doses because there really doesn't really exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started to test with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my self-esteem, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always functional, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some stranger versions of them.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a fragile.
In fact, I was trying and so insecure to fix a problem that I had on the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my idea of ideas.
So I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reflection, how do I get those mental images that I used to create protocols, my ideas, if you want to get new ideas and recreate situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philippines like Humi, Descartes and Hobbes, see things like that.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I've got lots of great mental money, really volunteers, well sophisticated and well structured well.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a music could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can come to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups that are made in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain, here you can see the brain scan made by George Gangs and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as it would imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the central column of the central column of the left -- you see that the difference is almost normal.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost normal.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is Jack Galapagos lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves in conscious visual fields.
Put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great brain reaction car to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan was decoding it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer dedications, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us boring.
We're okay about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of more available resolution today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer for that.
So many of them are providing new protection techniques for images -- even me -- counting with the recent outcome of MRI -- first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?"
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, more grains only offer small improvements in the resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger images, we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different areas, like doing a species.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in collection and democracy, in the transistors and frequency receptors in MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing processing -- we can actually increase the information that can be extracted in a single scene.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using IRCRIS, we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas differently to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrespective to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could bring Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the gay ship.
I think we all have a sea.
His arm may be telling some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have gone through in life.
All of us are a difficult conversation, and although our issues can transform tremendously the experience of having lived and coming out of that harmony is universal.
It gives fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Window Calor, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the liberal military that I wouldn't track my armpits by the letters of Ami Diego France like a law.
And I will be aware that by the height of my short screen and for having hit my head I was like, I would usually ask me a small child, "Hey, are you boys or girl?
And it would come out of a silence in the table.
I would play my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a sheet of wrong.
The father will immediately shoot the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would go inside the inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the quote from Betty Friedman.
Gloria Steve quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe down and I went down the eye and my backs and a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist guerrilla, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or girl?
So I would breathe up the sling again, I got a little bit of knives about her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have a short hair like a boy, and I see a boy, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable couple."
And that girl looked at me staring attention, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a pandemic, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What happens to the page that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all that I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the penguin and I, both of us were honest with each other.
As many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
This is how my closet is not different from the yours or yours or yours.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I was going to come out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than telling you that it's been discovered?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five year-old son who are going to divide you?
There's no more difficult, there is only the difficult.
We need to stop claiming what is difficult for us to do what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our weapons, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in seasons, and you may make you feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls are, a ship is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a high dress and high stop.
It was not the military lesbian ready to fight any four year-old children who would come into coffee.
I was frozen by fear in a corner of my dark drink pushing my gay group, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers with whom I've spent my entire life trying to do that not to disappoint it, and now the world was made by purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't release that grain, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable graduate launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and targets, I walked around the tables and finally got to one where my parents were my parents, people who knew me did years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women scream out, "I love Nathan Lando."
And the gay network battle had started.
"Did you ever get in the Carph?
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous.
"All, you know my state Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having a girl."
"All right, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Grass.
And you know who we love us? Jack Jack."
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, declined but in waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said to me, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink cards."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of grandmother.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were exploiting.
And what else can you ask someone, but will exploit?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how long you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago Girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what I mean out of any arm is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Be the architecture. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have any armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be general, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it. Watch your patch.
If you know they're gay, let's get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you could be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe injured and apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel disappointed, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark that you can see a grandmother, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy the silver.
Interstation, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen it, a productive example has been the famous quote of Eddnon Dietrings that "The question of whether a machine can think of as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edger Dietring wrote this as a critic to computer pioneers like Alan Turk.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's take a step back.
So let's first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth intelligence of Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a mysterious planet just stop doing it.
And that's why I claim this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I did several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, who were pointed out, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally harnessed for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of the future possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together together, asked for a number of years ago, is there a mechanism underlying the intelligence that we can extract from all these different subjects?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a strength, F that acts with the end of maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to an impending future time, touch.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Is artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes who produce more described, or "policy: during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes straight from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Europe, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is found inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even winning money by making action, all of them without being used to do that.
Here are some examples of Europe in action.
Like a window human standpoint here, here we see Europe by a complete partner using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Europe a goal.
He simply decided to balance the position.
This balancing ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out of the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a pond game against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see Europe to hide new connections in a social network where friends are continuously disconnected and maintain the very connected grid.
And this network of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Europe organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to the problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Europe spontaneously discover and run a striking strategy of a self-consumer service of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its expectational management.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wiring: What you've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future action freedom.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot term, the Robert Obama -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, a cyber religion.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megawatts and trying to move the world.
It's all of the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than the reverse.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
I often ask myself, how is it that looking for goals to learn from this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the control of stars and losing the planet we call "here?
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points that Earth is only one between billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets move ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets as well as the distance of them and their mother star.
In place, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are livable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this potential of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is running under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Glassilli and sea ice that they've been with us from millennia, they're now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale has rapidly overcome our ability to disrupt their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no asthmakers.
It studies the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the environmental sector.
Now, as somebody really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets you look at the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better than our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kelly.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like the "Circle tracked their surface in search of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission -- take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with very cutting-edge ideas and pioneer ideas, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to communicate, really disturbing places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the simplest and most elevated places on Earth, air is fresh and full of oxygen spread by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization and other artistic planets got a big and sad starshers -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to be able to save from this informed structure of the only planet that we know is truly healthy, the Earth.
For a lot that I like interactive exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the pattern of truth will have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not controlled.
No, it's actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien pants.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and inspired areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Fire Female said, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough to be able to keep living between the stars, lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the interplanetary colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support Mars environments for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own home.
And as I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other gates and windows and all of them were well closed.
I thought about calling a cloud, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a clothes could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was looking at my passport and my suitcase bag.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure not more expensive than a cerebral at half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I would go right now.
I'm a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortex that increases the heart rate -- it modulate the levels of adrenaline and cloud thinking.
And when I got to the architecture show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to ask myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which would keep things wrong.
Or at least if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it is a total catastrophe.
So I got thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't criter.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kata, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him about breaking the window, and he had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called the prosperity report.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the press.
You all know what the protester is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the primate, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you might go wrong, next, try to figure out what you can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a press.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with obvious.
In the house, let's figure out a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, that light the fruit trees, where you live the tribes and the enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is grateful in the tastes of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the electronic sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, reading glasses and passwords.
So at home they describe a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his password, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you design a place and you are studying it with it, your things will always be there when you look it.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, driver's license, password, send it by email to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases corruption.
Cortex is toxic and touch of thinking.
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the very best, and you have to put the systems in your site.
And there is perhaps not more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is set up as a promise for all of the medical decisions, and in fact to make financial decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
You all know that the high cholesterol associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack heart, brain spills.
So one is thinking that having high cholesterol cholesterol is not the best, so the doctor says, "I'd like to remind you to take a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol collection, a stage."
And maybe you've heard about the stages, and you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today -- even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, you get the stage."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask from the most physicians don't want to talk about, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistic statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't take me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Ghana that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recent stage, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Grossing and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Boldanian.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, break brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to go down my hill.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics more, and it's "Starller of secondary effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- despite muscle pain and article, talented pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think clearly.
So think about how you will look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go down to the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they had or not to take the stage.
I just say you must have this conversation with your physician.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you do most of the older than 50, extension of prostate prostate -- the number needs to treat is 49.
That is, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the power or distinctive distinction, urban incentives, recording sacredness, fecal innovation.
And if you have lucky luck, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just will take a year or two.
So the idea of the premator is to think before the questions that you can pretend to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make the whole thing in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a very short option, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and they think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. It's not necessary the digestive system, or the library or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapidly. You could get the lunch of the lions -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking like Danny Kakama and its colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future of these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all fascinating.
We're all going to fail from time in time.
The idea is to think of the future how those fail, to put the systems in the place that will help him minimize harm or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Reporting to the night of snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor gave me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key door of the door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, Z is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing supply.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "Me in the score, you need to play more supply.
Two percent, even more smooth.
Four point, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of "E: there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of point can have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ALS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1800s, and with the step of time, it mixed up with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ALS.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a sound world, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules and completely behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my heads and amplify sound.
I learn and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
I have learned, for example.
"Don't hold the door off."
"Don't make a lot of noise in eating the piece of piles of the prisoner pieces."
"You don't express, and when you're eating you, you make sure not to leave the covers on the dish.
All this is called sound "the sound.
Maybe I think about the sound label more than the average person does it.
I'm super virtual of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding it.
TBP: To continue.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see that painting has no notes on the lines.
That's because lines already contain sound through the subtle and the manuals.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the permission signal at the APL.
A typical pedestrian has five lines.
However, for me, doing the self with my thumb is not natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me how much sound, I decided to leave it and despite it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with how much support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt the sound was single, it was something from a hearing person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could well be metric to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose to empower me.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers of ALS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be disappeared in forget and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing in the paper.
And the same thing can be said from an APC concept.
The two are very space and highly modular that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning as much of the signals and the sounds.
I would like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the AT&D works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AT&D divided in many different galactic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you would put only one tissue at a time.
However, the AT&D is more like a cortex, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea at ALS.
If just a trick would change the cortex, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and together and volume.
At ALS, when you use these different graphics parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is measured in that."
This is the sign of the measure in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, they caught me.
Oh yeah.
What are you looking for?
Oh, so ...
So I got thinking, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sample of day, the sun comes out and puts it out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can be said from all night.
"All night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights -- "Madison: "Oh my night --  -- "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ATS, and how distance in the body can express changes over time.
For example, one of them is a hand, two feet, two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, over -- "Startleters and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time."
"The common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by boundary.
However, when I see the word "Time common: I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MD: Look right, MIT, left hand.
We have the danger through head and chest.

Can you do it with me?
All with your hands in high school.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head as the chest, something like common time, or the same time."
Yeah, great.
That means "agriculture in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please make it again.
And now this.
It means "Collection at the ATLA.
Now, the third one. Please send me again.
And again.
It's "Liberty at the APL.
We're going to do the three together.
"Incerting it, collaboration, and "leaven."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's incredible to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very healing world.
And only because the ABC doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to begin to question what social value defines and allowing the APA to develop their own value, no sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS.
The ALS is a rich test, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Karlen Daniel, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can plug everything, but then you have to clean it up."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an initiation bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also understand, and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time, I'm now an adult adult and I teach citizen and invention at the Harry Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it to.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spiritual thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big buses and networks to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started to build this work of hard work with an extra height for children to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
We do.
I leave it to my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are excited about the robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "The Protocol."
We're so fast at the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in access and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the bottom computer will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step in a website for inventors called "Indians, with the hope that somebody else even else.
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they were treated with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill -- only using hands, in Southern, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water that you bathe in, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown and the mud and the oil are also from brown color, and when it all mix up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called a solution that allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a first prototype of a spectrum that can sleep through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We put this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance. I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they downloaded several giant waves, called toxic, and those tsunami, they destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Furual, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons still are leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pictures of pollution by Starck.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fussing radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe and it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Furual every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here's the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the collected data that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the photographer, etc.
And to do this, we create a radiation space map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We create the fuel map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of radiation, and we run water to simulate rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system to the river system.
It was a proper estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles from nuclear, and with the help of fish fish we were collecting sediments from the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore, and so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of paper, basically can be built up there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children from children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be a child again.
Students: Applahtk." Apples."
Charles Harvard, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of advanced populations transform their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles in the new electric vehicles, right?
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators creators, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin pills, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic.
One is shown about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel Angele said that when he looked at the memory in brother, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The line was only Minister Angeles.
But living beings are not clear.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all of the information to do it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by risks of manufacturing and mass production.
Mountain lines have done a world made from parts, including the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects, as the drugs of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any moral material assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin with dialogue ports.
The skin skin are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, no parts -- no markets.
It's a system that varies gradually its functionality by the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the five and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, leaving the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, "Why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they connect four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and my students' hands.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales and large-scale translations, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old diameter with an violent basis that some day not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphics graphics made from genetically engineered microbial microbial microbes that glow in the dark.
So here we reinvent the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every openness is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion deployment from Paris with Iran van Hero. It's like a second skin made from one piece, recorded in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D prescription collaborators, we print this layer and 3D step without corruptions between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and white materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapting not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable, and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire them, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a suspension.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in ridiculous, obesity and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not by adding another material or another demo, but vary continuously and unfortunately the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raise myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible stories, and one of them was left and made a lot of what I care about.
As she relates, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree fraud tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees with branches and cortex, streets and flowers.
The earth created a world made from parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design look like if objects made a single piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biosphere on the planet is called the cheese, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and scarces and butterflies, humps.
We think that if we can synthesize their property, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marital.  We asked a lot of spines of shrimp, we mix them and we produced cheese-of-the-complet card.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties -- from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print structures in large scale, it was built a system with multiple burial bonds released robotically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct process of printing process was used to contain photographic microbial microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria genetically designed to capture quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that do their transition without view of male, and if it expanded even more, to windows.
A fruit free tree from fruit free.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp ships in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to bender, put on the sea, will feed marine life, and put in the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for the internal travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own teacher table, new forms of life created computing and advanced in a biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid analogy, only instead of supplying precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing they combine two microbials.
The first is the contagion.
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water stations.
And the second one, E. collapse, the bacteria that has been in the human intestine.
It turns out the light, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we have created a single channel that is attached to the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their function on the way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we were designing more transparent channels.
This post-conflict system -- when it would stretch from one end to another, it takes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine interest.
And here it is, as an TED elementary -- our first portable photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shakespeare said, "We are a comfort past, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies out?
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this way.
It grows up. It adds software.
This club of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which they metropolish.
No additional manufacturing is about this level of sophistic.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentration.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix -- by using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first goes into the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to blow a company of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hip.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, by putting silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it would take a flat pen and still marriage sanitarially.
So we started designing different environments, different animals, and we've discovered that the shape, composition -- the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to death within their cards, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cap.
They were married honestly, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a helicopter robot doing silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk silk worms towards darker and cold areas -- so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or approaches, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organized.
We asked 5,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after eating them four weeks, they were prepared by dinner with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the animal, and as they were, they were sentenced, they were spread, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
At the middle biological silk on the silk silence, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 weapons of silk are spending 65,000 miles away.
In a symmetry. This is also the length of the silk route.
The chickens after the economy, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could use for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other very empty vehicle.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design age, a new era of creation, that led us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands us, for the first time, to make us burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be from?
If you had to remember what age they had when asked for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be from?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be from?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the maps and the art and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a band named Televide Frustration.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, to have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of abuse, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, totally different, and I dive into it, and I let myself absorb and I feel "Yeah, I have found my mind: and then again this point where I start to get married.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I should choose one thing, to deny all my other passions and refuse to me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something bad about me not defining anything.
I was worried to be afraid of compromise, or to be disappeared, or help me or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to ask you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate meaning or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
You ask us first "What do you want to be of more?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer that age.
It's considered an naive question to cause cute responses in children like, "Be astronauts or "are being dancer: "I want to be permission."
They're going to insert the discussion of Halley here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in various forms, I think, high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be of much?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes us.
Why?
Although this question inspired kids to dream about what they might be, not inspired to dream about everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you're willing to laugh and say, "Oh, what kind of cute, but you can't be a partner of violence and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Cillians -- and he is a standard of violence and psychopath.
And this Amy Nano, magazine editor turned into illustration, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voice, the idea that every one of us has something that is going to be able to dedicate during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplication.
A multi-to-person is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bond for the case.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple potential, potential and harm.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a standard, renewable.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well sold in multiple disciplines.
Barack Sheder refers to us as "scared?
Use any term that you like or invented your own.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplication as a limitation or allexian that you should win.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths when it's this way.
Here are three multi-touch supercomputers.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
The San Bangladesh and Rachel Binder expressed their interests shared in carbon, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mexico.
And the female is a company that creates geographic jewelry games.
Shake and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multipliers, with all their airplanes, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multi-touch superpower is fast learning.
When the multi-term are interested in something, we go to that.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're bound to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from scratch.
North Dung is a complete track trip and independent writing.
As a pianist girl perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before I became a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launch.
Rare time is a waste of time to dedicate what you are attracted to, even if you end it up.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-touch superpower is adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abu Cambridge is sometimes director of videos, other people's pages designer -- sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The journal Fast Company defines adaptive as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can paint to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really will thrive.
Institute of ideas, quickly learning and adaptation, three skills where multiplications are very hard, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the multipliers to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-touch right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a material shared.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will organize the way we are connected.
And unfortunately multiplied multipliemations are actually encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reconnect with the internal wiring called whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you spend all the media.
That's where you do the best of it.
But for the multi-touch in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell them, recovery with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those contractors of contractor.
They explore the intersection.
And embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplication, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatric in France.
He would deliver it and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Allego didn't know how to help Australia, but he was flying for her until that, unfortunately, died in 1906.
After his death, Alaska did an autopsy and found strange plates and heads in the Australian brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If I would have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than the one that Alice gave him 114 years ago.
Allego was Dr. Allen Alzheimer's.
And August Detroit, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1992, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, a lot of treatment for cancer, antibodies for HIV, stations for heart and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I am part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years hurt with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent at Alzheimers disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost cost a five times in the year 2050, as you get older, the generation of the baby boomers generation.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively little done to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes around the world, Alzheimer's only the only one can not prevent or cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people knows, but everybody should be, Lastard is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all scientists consume Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only a picture of a healthy aging brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the Bridge brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of proteins of proteins.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are perceived.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form big plates and vanishing.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distinction works.
There are many steps, and the identify of what step block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
Control a wire could do anything.
Correlated others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's now testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at some videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in the worms of worms in worms here.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, have protein molecules that are attached to each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result of it, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of wait, there is real hope from what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to focus on Alzheimer's disease, and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators about scientists.
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late '80s.
Today we see that same unit to navigate cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article comes from a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are made to do 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of them look into the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?"
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like this -- I gave your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody you've ever met.
When I took this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall down.
However, we love it, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Column Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January -- and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do you follow together?
And the reason I think this is why I think this is because they've done this question over and over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, he was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been invited to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my friends of Facebook and imagine my article in the New York Times would probably achieve a thousand views.
And that led a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as it said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday night, and already the Saturday -- this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I had been called the South Show and the Google Monterey America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little ready for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the trust writing with simplicity about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  -- that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they did the same question: still they follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email with the sentence, "Are you still still together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and discussions like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman scream up to the stage, "Hey Washington where your nitrogen is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't ready for the aging of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have gotten life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for Saint Valentine, who included the experiences of readers when we tested the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together.
He took television interviews, and it turns out the orders of the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the international icon of the engineering process, a range that I didn't feel in the absolute quality.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or whether it was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure, but real love, loss love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we would follow together or not, and do it be declined?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first on these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster international students between college students, using what Iran called sustainable personality supported, progressive and recovered.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it, several studies also used the Arthur Fast protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me the symmetry, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed sorry about it.
And I said, "You want to say that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Did you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The visitor.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was passing a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, what I was supposed to practically put my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I flew in science.
And I did research everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart out.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was only researching for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought if I was running with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used to feel like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I love.
But I can also see myself more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you reasonably can demand me.
What I find of love is a shark, not just about being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person who I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still still comes together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or No.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you remain love when things complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love it, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as to remain love.
Empire is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We love we love because we take the choice to be.
And I was a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed to have that choice.
And not to consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how many times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, poetry and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest diary.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe my life is looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy implicit in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write about.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lessons in the full mountain and in some ways I got as a forest gold.
The city of New York City a while ago,  -- something that really affected me but more detail later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar ticket of a dollar, a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaghetti spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has a lot because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of excitement and make the surface and all those weird things, and I was making a collaborator for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I gave him all the pages and I made a kind of highly high-tech knees to the Agnes Martin style -- the resident covered and a bee was trapped up.
Well, my mother has fear of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resins in the canvas, thinking that I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase as though you would look at the text with a magnifying magnifying line.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow pieces, draw the same way that you do around a card in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own security secret tank.
First of all, booms, you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Spear.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, resilience sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I got to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window and then on another window and another window and had all these windows that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really works, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work is a very big thing, I call "protection."
To the "Protocell: I was inspired by the Greek of Delights of December Bush that is a painting in the Museum Museum in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the protection. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh industrial where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the animals are headed to the field, ready to supply the mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird girl strapped to a robot.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon -- the Photoshop platform of the seed, Wall -- the Osama Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
But also a kind of a woman.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he wrote oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out clouds.
Their hands are like balance and it looks like a mythological self that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a stuff of the protection.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand in which I was scared.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a train, like a bird peak, and I spit out clouds of this train.
It also has a 5 meter tail.
But anyway, his tail is buying fire to put on a volcano volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a color school balloon made of terrorist card cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were the terrorists.
Very attached to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "Psychologists."
It's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are embarrassment, dictionaries.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they split.
And you can walk between them. I'm getting years.
Each one is basically a microscope protocell that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
I'll take you for the rest of the body, there is a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of angry thing.
It's a quick waste of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body that is paralyzed by half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue here.
There is a little forest scene inside the rock shell.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennsylvania World.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a physicist, a mistake, a record, a radio, a mass, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We have the box and all the people in the inside hit each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We are all very made from the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with dark and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take a space.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the interviews and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and by putting it so that any major drug effect in the body.
The downside though, though, is that when you put it to any drug that you can put it out.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood current, they die, and worse even for the time they take in their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV set.
These are regions of the body like the lymph gangs, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact, and it doesn't easily come into the blood line of patients who are going to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
But after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment of life that is an oral life.
And one day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of doctors direction?
As a scientific expert in laser, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in doggation, for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything you can imagine, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill strangely small holes, and they open up and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You might say, "How is that possible?
We send a small little lightning ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser comes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is immediately repeatedly.
Now we're testing this technology in vitro or pattern plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an investment in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't look much about time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to total HIV eradication of the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all research from HIV in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied non-state groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or millimeters.
It documents what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these genes of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a state beetle.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 261 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups, even we need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are related to the non-powered.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Libby Librants, known for its violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Herison has also established a political party -- a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also admitters the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting apart.
They're multiplicity.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels, web sites of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IRChorbonder magazine, print in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups are also investing in a complex record of funding without sacred, but by profitable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put them on a professional basis of professional or microbial training.
Hebrew offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't grow" and security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ruled by the war or even the beginning of the IRCA promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups to deliver safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hard.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated ones are these organizations, less we can compute them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Herify?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions. They collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellion group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
So what is IITR?
The lines are declared.
We live in a world of states, without state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East today, more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to hire these groups will have to invest more in non-state tools.
fill that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives will offer to promote the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new display between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman, as a feminist as a female.
My opinions about gender equality are very quickly, but I fear that accepting the failure of "favorite would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feylight, and then in the interviews, people started to call me the Maleum Feymang.
So what started as a personal joke that was devoted to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and hate sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they invented that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an access, a taboo and distinguished word.
I was trained as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, that he asks too much with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
To me, certain claims are a really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really
We deserve the same land for the same work.
We have the right to travel around the world as we want it, food or violence.
We have a right to use easy and accessible things and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing closer control or electronic doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to count our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to realize these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of input, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidents, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist maker.
I have another confession.
When I lead to work, I hear a rap music stripping all volume.
Although the letter is degraded to women, and I was deeply offended -- the classic San Sanga Shark from the Singer Rand Twitter is incredible.
"Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Park, day, move until I give you the contract.
Think about it.
Purpose poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks but also killing insects, the garbage tank, the baseball care and the machine maintenance maintenance and maintaining machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Backyon: And I can see the Romantic companies, and I have fantasy enough of the fairy stories that make a reality.
Some of my colleagues are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is constructed in ways that make women economically vulnerable when they choose to choice.
Let's solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or disabled the needs of women of color, workers and homosexual and transgendered women, for white women, heroism, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist for you.
It also happens this: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist forgetting in a peace.
We hope that they go back to perfection.
When you tell us, we would remove them with a lot of taste from the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I know I was overwhelmed from that pedestrian before they try to put up there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminine: by fear of what that tag means for fear of not being able to accomplish with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, El God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist for years.
In the Video Museums Vidgest Video, in MIT, I act in front of the 1960 subway word."
It was a magnificent show, to see this police star to open the feminist openly and make women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started interesting debates if Beijing was or not exactly feminist.
They called their feminist instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We go far beyond critical and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of participation.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our implications to realize the action and be a little bit more courageous to it.
If I listen to degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does his music have to be so pay?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions do this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces and three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow up in a world.
Where you care about the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best choice is going to be a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as a sport -- goes the Triangue game.
We can change the radio emission when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers, like boy seats.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual people can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until I don't include an sufficient number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive, with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supposed to be supposed but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more and more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers of the decision.
Because we are not permanent memories. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, to people in the direct power and products of film and music, CEOs, the legislations, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also be able to claim our feminist and good, bad, or any of them.
The last line of my book "What "March Federal says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of many reasons, but I say, especially because I encouraged my voice to be stolen and the feminist helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
So a few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
And I stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it, I went back to write.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what he meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to be a little bit valley.
Just after Christmas last year, 132 children in California, they had a measles to have visited Dennettic or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then comes across the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles, which can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the kids involved in the Drapona outbreak. They hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that triggered the politics on autism and destroyed vaccines, declined and marked for being a determined fraud by the British Medical Jordan?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a stranger?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are putting their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The little psychologists and pediatrician that I heard about her creating their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable only three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot out.
Force fundraising organizations, like autism Spiders are routinely referring to autism as an epidemic, as if I could contact another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people the Stanford Disease Center in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to based on phrases like extended diagnostic criteria and "A better decision of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't tell a lot of the fear of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to figure out the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with the slow and catastrophic progress of science than the power of the narrative.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanga, of the Johns Hopkins Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hadron, 1994, and Kanga published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, and then they found people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were prey of the panic by memories as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kannesi speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they collect reference of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not extraordinarily, because the crabs of Kanga for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
And once he had turned out that he had turned nine out of 10 children to be sent by other doctors to their consumer to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanga was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certified.
It claims autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and decentralized.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator that doesn't decline it.
At the same time, though, Kannesseone noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are grateful in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Being Berlin."
But Kanga had a bad opinion of these skills -- assigning things like children were simply regulating what they had heard of their distant parents, desperate to win their approval to win.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, the researchers began to test Kansalk theory that autism was weird.
Long Winnigraph, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of Kanga mothers in Kanga was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and adults, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Suspect without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis whatsoever.
In order to defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague, Judith Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They made an autism prevalence study in the general population.
They pasted a suburb from London called Cardinary to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kanga model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not talk at all, while others were cooled in their fascination by astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or in the general region.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and assignmented squares as Judicleo's said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kansas monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have noticed about these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, next year to the Kanzi article -- and then it forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanga knew about this article of competition, but I avoided automatically mention it in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated him for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Assential, who runs an integrated clinic with an internal school in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with massive kinds of exercise with music, and children follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate support and space forms during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development method development that were especially right for them.
Fortunately, Asperger's saw autism as a diverse continuum that was running an amazing variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continued in architects known in pop culture like stripping social scientist and the distributed professor.
He was more than even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Judith found that Kanga was wrong that autism was integrative, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked silently with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic survey."
At the end of the late '80s, the early '80s, their changes came in video, by suggesting the limited model of Kanga by a wide and even Apple model.
These changes didn't fall into broken damn.
Interestingly, when London and Judith worked between based to reform these crisis, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
First of all, Raisland Man in 1988, just a little circle, locked by experts knew what the autism, but after the inhibition of Duke Hawking and Rain Babylon with four awards of Academy, periphery, psychologists, teachers and fathers all around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little experts of experts to make a diagnosis for her son.
Raise Man Combinemation, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses started to rise up, just like they predicted Lou and Judicleo, in fact hoped that the people with autism and their families finally got the support and services they deserve.
So Andrew Waldier came to blame the vaccines for increase in diagnostics -- a simple, powerful, self-assembled history as bad as Kanga theory was infecting.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances -- the term neuroscience to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distribution, obviously social, and suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger's -- which believed that the current for the most intractable aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Corporating Zapans once said, "We need all the hands in cover to reverse the boat of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
